okay Penn Jillette said that Penn
Jillette told you that it's fort not
forte yeah and he's you know well-read
man oh yeah
he's uh he was just on yeah yeah he's an
interesting cat is it true
is he correct Jamie there's a little
thing over the ear right two
pronunciations
like yeah well that's like the word
literally you know the the term
literally is we've actually changed the
meaning because so many people used it
wrong okay for forte with that a right
there - uh-huh
so there's two different ones huh but it
might be like selfie how it just creates
itself over a while yeah a thing that
someone excels that small talk was not
his fort a or forked well maybe fort was
original and then someone kept fucking
it up like tumeric yeah terms yeah I we
were just talking about how to Marik has
an R in there it's tu r which I didn't
know at all until Laird Hamilton put his
coffee machine in there did you just
turn the volume down
oh sorry is that my Mike my hi my hands
are all hot appreciate is that better
yeah praise ears Pat Carney likes to
hear himself flowering talk shit he's
got some hearing problems yeah yeah rock
star drummer all those guys go deaf
right but they have issues well though
that's the dude from ac/dc the lead
singer you can't say anymore
right because his ears are just shot
that's awful man yeah every song sounds
the same to the best yeah I don't know
about the best bro I mean I like I'm
looking first I don't know about the
best well they are an iconic band I'll
give you that I like your songs there's
certain songs
yeah the great road trip video game
songs but I feel like they kind of bleed
together mm a little bit there's a sound
they have an ac/dc sound for sure sure
oh yeah it's all one sound yeah but but
you know but it's back to turmeric you
know how like the Middle East there's
not a lot of funny people out there it's
that that's not a big part of their
culture it's comedy in the Middle East
and Seinfeld thinks it's because we have
a love of language he think that's why
Americans and British people are really
funny because it's a we think about the
words hmm I don't think they're same
with German not a lot of German ha ha
you know what I mean we had a German
comic that was big in Germany that came
to the store and was here for a couple
of years did he find Ike he didn't suck
but he was real he was it was all
physical exactly in Germany he's huge
but it was all like slipping on stage
pratfalls yeah we can do better than
that
we got word the words are there the
interesting part that what you say the
writing you know it's a thing that
people don't consider those pratfall
guys I'm always in pain they're always
hurt that's true like so are we mentally
yeah but in a physical way I think I was
always wondering about Chevy Chase
because you know Chevy Chase is supposed
to be kind of grumpy yeah I've heard
that yeah he's a dick I've heard he gets
real grumpy and I wonder if the dude is
just in constant pain hmm because you
know I remember how many times he used
to fall down like you fell down all the
time on Saturday Night Live did he yeah
yeah yeah and Fletch the the the
detective movie yeah yeah he pratfall
all the time like wicked heart falls
where clearly him wow I didn't know he
was a fall guy you know Buster Keaton
he's like so underrated he broke his
back and didn't realize it and the
doctors like so when you break her back
he's got that crazy story you know like
that guy fell all day long I think it
was his neck and front was it neck was
it now someone just brought this up on
the show didn't taint Jamie didn't
somebody just talk about that it was
just a few episodes ago maybe but he's
like not really brought up a lot he
fucking crazy how ballsy he was and how
in
if he was he would do stuff like he
would draw he'll ever one of his gags he
would paint on a wall a hook and then
hang his hat on it
yeah this is who brought Jamie I'm
trying with a pen might have been tied
up in him or I mean it's all bits
yeah that's clever shit this is amazing
19 what 24 yeah I mean that just right
there was amazing yeah jumping through
that person and I mean you could do this
all day it's all clever and it's all
read done a million times but he did it
first Wow
and there was no one before him right so
now no guidebook yeah and everything
ends in a punch at all that always pays
off
there's no weak ones and he just
sometimes he would just try it and I
heard an interview with him and he was
like yeah I would just go for it and
sometimes he would be in midair and you
think of another thing and then you do
that before you hit the ground I mean
it's brilliant guy check him out if you
don't know him and he's right now we're
watching video with him running over the
top of a train he's and I'm clearly
really doing it yeah he's really doing
he's gonna do some of that hook there it
is wait for it wait for it and kabbaah
the water is low broke his neck no
that's right is that right that's what
the video yeah that need the
underestimated the force of the water
coming out of it cuz like think about
how much weight there is you got water
musical like waterfalls yeah look if you
jumped off with the Niagara Falls and
hit the bottom
what would kill you I mean it might just
be the force of the water hitting you
against the rocks
alright great I think that's what
happened with him like he got hit so
hard I believe it was pen yeah whoever
it was well that they they were just
explaining there was the weight of the
water he underestimated that kind of
kills the whole fucking and the
waterfall scenes in every movie you know
true it yeah you get pummeled you
imagine like you're headed up there and
it's your idea and she slips and bashes
our brains out against the rocks because
it was your stupid idea she's like let's
just do it right here alright hang the
waterfall and you're so stupid you don't
understand how much force is coming down
yeah yeah that was a hot scene in
cocktail wasn't oh yeah they're the
believes it Elizabeth Shue they fucking
that Jamaican waterfall I'm a big
Kable as a kid so we would just watch
everything that came on do you remember
that movie with Elisabeth Shue and
Nicolas Cage we're leaving it gets a
boner at the very end of course that's a
good drunk guide thing I mean those
random drunk boners we've all been there
is cocktail scene there it is wonderful
this is all is my old childhood just
these weird 80s movies on VHS they were
weird somebody raised a good point about
how we have so many out like I'm dating
a lady who's a little younger than me
she's about 14 and she's always like
I'll bring up a movie like ghostbusters
like never seeing it Godfather never
seen it I'm like don't you care you
don't you want to see that she's like
I've never seen it that was born it
would came up for my time and I'm like
yeah but I know about the 70s in the 60s
why do I know about that hmm I know but
the fit I know about Buster Keaton why
don't you people now they only go
forward they don't go back at all have
you noticed that yeah I think they're
inundated with too much stuff I guess so
think about it they got Hulu they got
Amazon they got Netflix there's many
things constantly they're doing tick
tock and Instagram they're checking
social media to force a kid to sit down
and watch you know the National
Lampoon's family vacation good luck I
know but it's good it's great it's great
I don't think they do that as much yeah
a lot of kids are playing video games
sure and they're streaming things and
YouTube for the best giant you could
never suck it all up but here's the
here's the clinker is they're missing
out on a lot I watched the office with
her and she's missing references to a
fucking Indiana Jones joke and I'm like
you like this show but you know that's
and you missed that joke and then I
gotta explain it to her and she's like
who's that I'm like it's Harrison Ford
he was of this he was an archaeologist
he's archaeology that sounds terrible
I'm like oh that was fun you know my
nine-year-old watches these little
videos on YouTube where they blend
things these kids to get together
they're silly and they're laughing it's
so dumb and they blend things but it's
dumb because I'm 52 right if I was nine
it would be awesome like for her it's
awesome like she's really enjoying it
she's laugh
fan it's like it's not fake laughing she
watches him whether or not you tell her
to or not she's interested in it like in
a blender yeah they just throw food in a
blender and try to drink it so it was so
done it's so done there's being silly
and you know things slip out of their
hands and then they saw show a slow-mo
of the things slipping out of their hand
like it is a name all right it's just
made for nine year olds by people who
are like awed and yeah I'm teen and 19
and I bet it's got millions of views
millions of you that's you can't predict
I'm trying to break the best joke ever
put this video out this is the funniest
video nobody cares and then you you
fired on a on a taco salad and that goes
viral well do you know the makeup artist
a drama that took place on YouTube do
you know about all that now I got roped
into that too because of my kids it was
a yes this is this young homosexual
fellow who has makeup tutorials and he
got into some sort of a public scrap
with his mentor James yeah some things I
did hear about yeah yeah this this guy
Wow he's good
look the videos were fucking
entertaining it's quite hilarious and he
got in a scrap with that person right
yes and you know it was a lot of a lot
of terrible things were said but it was
I had you know muck what is happening
here so I'm like what is he what does he
do he just he does makeup tutorials and
I'm watches makeup there oddly
entertaining yeah well if it's if it's
impressive anything is good you know
just the thing is like networks missed
sloppy but entertaining they missed that
everything was done well everything with
a laugh track right they missed this
there's a whole Avenue it call you know
I'm saying yeah well look at me I'm on
the fucking Fallon I'm wearing a suit I
don't wear a suit but they make you wear
one yeah they make you terrible the
gritty off of everything and the gritty
is the good
well you is the good the who you really
are who you really are really are yeah
when you want someone to conform at
least aesthetically to who you'd like
them to be like what are we doing here
well that's the guy wear a fucking
t-shirt who gives a shit right what does
it matter we should have learned that
when
when you're kidding bloopers came on it
was the fucking greatest thing ever ass
yeah but we went had a bloopers what he
gonna do but that was that was what
should have held onto that we should
have gone towards the bloop well
America's Funniest Home Videos was the
original YouTube that's right right
kicked in the balls by a Shetland pony I
mean that was that was it yeah that's
that's what everybody realized they
wanted to see people get kicked by
animals the way they run the show now
you submit a youtube link to them and
they just take it from YouTube and put
it on the show on TV but it's on TV but
it's YouTube clips that's where this
gave up they tapped out they gave in to
their maker they topped no that was
Danny Tanner who was a dirty comic we're
not dead Bob Saget sorry
yeah but that's a stage name right that
was his name in the show that was a full
house name full house name yes yeah
Saget was a dirty comic ya filthy still
is me is now but I think he probably had
to take some time off while he was doing
the show right he didn't do any specials
or anything
remember America's Funniest people what
was the difference spinoff
they needed more time slots to dominate
yeah they're probably getting tons and
tons of tapes they had to put out
another show they have animal ones too
right the difference is that's what they
can't compete with YouTube because
YouTube chose nine-year-old girls
getting launched into the air by bison
right on par click really getting
launched yeah you're like holy fuck yeah
that's the TV unclean version it's a guy
getting hit by a car or you know yeah
knife wound fistfight you can watch all
sorts of like cartel shootouts on
YouTube but yeah you can't say you know
some weird right-wing joke and they're
funny how it's the words we're all about
now like that's what I never got about
like if I do a pedophilia joke
everybody's up my ass but we'll all get
around the campfire to watch the Michael
Jackson doc yeah like that happened he's
splitting your ass he's talking about
split the kids ass cheek apart number I
was like this is crazy
but the joke that some comic tells
bothers people I find that odd
well I think both those things bother
people for sure I mean the reason why
the documentary was made was because
people were bothered by it I know what
they're they're excited to watch it's
like a yeah cult
phenomena with like this is gonna be big
big show tonight well it's the popcorn
he knew we know something was really
wrong with Michael Jackson you know yeah
some was something's really wrong there
was never anybody quite like him
that was from a tiny little boy like how
old was Elvis when he got famous
probably like 20 or something right
maybe later
and that was probably the biggest thing
that had ever happened in pop music
before Michael Jackson but Michael
Jackson was the first that we ever saw
that was a baby when he was on ABC right
easiest was a little kid he was dancing
around with his beautiful afro and then
we watched him become a grown man one of
the biggest superstars in the world and
we watched him go insane sure we knew we
anybody who got that much plastic
surgery you know they're insane
something's really wrong yeah so we all
knew it so when the sex accusations the
pedophilia accusations happen of course
everyone's gonna want to tune in it's
not like you know it's it's an human
oddity as much as it is celebrity gossip
greed but what is it about jokes that
really bother people more than a movie
you know you could have a movie rape but
a man a joke
it really graphically show the rape yeah
everything
the whole thing's acted out in the movie
and then you always see these two
actresses later like it was pretty
appalling I had to like cry in the
trailer after and all that and we're
like all right you win an Oscar but this
guy in a nightclub talked about this
rape he's he's evil I don't know I'm not
I don't tell ya I'm not a big rape joke
guy I'm just saying like it's weird
there's something about jokes it really
crawls up people's sphincter and because
it's a lot of things it sounds like
you're just talking right if you if you
are if you got a movie and in the movie
you play some serial killer and you know
they've you know prepared the scene for
you you're ready you're wearing the
clothes they told you to wear you're not
doing the lines in the script we all
agree this is a dramatic interpretation
I don't know what you're doing when you
doing stand-up some people are just
being doing satire right like some
people are pretending to be racist
tending to be a Republican asshole right
but then it's just a character
we've there's a bunch of guys who do
stuff like that or some people are you
know some people are sarcastic some
people are like Jeselnik they say the
worst shit is always hilarious I love
him I love him too and what he's doing
is he's he's that's not who he is these
are great jokes yeah you know these he's
not really lighting the maternity ward
on fire it's just a name of his special
right it's like so there's a bunch of
different kinds of kind then there's
other people that just fucking tell the
truth man
there's other people when they'll talk
about all the weird shit in their
personal life they'll talk about
anything yeah and you go oh this is just
a funny guy who's great at telling the
truth so it's like when you say like
their jokes okay but everybody does it
different yeah no and the problem is
it's sound this is the real problem for
people who aren't stand-ups we're
stand-ups it makes sense to us people
are fans of stand-up it makes sense to
them but to regular folks were getting
mad it seems like you're just talking
yeah but why are we by the Jeselnik but
we don't buy the other guy because it's
culturally convenient hmm what do you
mean well some guys are better at it
uh-huh some guys the writing is cleaner
and sharper it's clear it's a joke yes
it's not just clear - he's he's
preposterous over the line joke
obviously into joke land and he's
obviously really smart like there's a
thing that happens I think when someone
is really good at writing jokes where
they're they're giving it to you in a
way that you are almost equally
impressed with the efficiency of their
use of language as you are with the the
funny in it you can see the art in it
right in Jessa necks a combination of
both right he's got the funny but he
also has a very impressive way of
setting things up but your smart way of
setting things up get away with more
he's funnier I agree but I think there's
something also - hiding the technique
you know he's he's so technique he's a
technician he's precise he's great at it
but I think something about the guy just
being loosey-goosey yeah sure you don't
even see oh shit that was the punch at
even see it coming
no that's the thing school - oh it's
great - there's no better way you know
there's Joey Diaz who I think is the
funniest guy that's ever lived he's
completely loose yes completely loose
you know yeah and but he'll catch these
waves well you can't believe a person is
it's possible for a person to be any
funnier
it's Joey did you ever see a murder I've
never seen him live oh my god dude you
always say is the goat I'm like I want
to see this go hits these waves where
people just like shut the fuck up
we're comics in the back room are
holding themselves I've seen everybody
man I've seen everybody kill yeah I've
never seen anybody stronger than Joey
wow it's just these it's not like he's a
Jess on that typewriter were there look
if he does a special it's gonna be so
polished from the beginning to the end
no he's trying to find himself in it but
he's got seriously underrated joke
writing oh really his economy of words
and he just says shit you don't see it
comment and it hits you like a fucking
brick yeah you're like oh my god and you
know that's what I love
yeah I look but I'd love Jeselnik too I
love I love Seinfeld so do i I love all
kinds of comedy I love the fact that
Hedberg had a completely different way
of doing it then Santino does yeah
everybody's got their own thing I know
it's like it's a cool art yeah I loved
it I loved it a minute I love that I'm
getting paid to do it
do you know Anderson do you know oh yeah
he's super conversational yes like you
almost think that he's just saying this
for the first time he's talking to you
like a friend like okay he's one of
those guys where you're at the bar like
dude dude come here you know he's a
fucking moron right he's your brother
but he's a fucking moron he's a fucking
moron and then he starts being funny
right he's the guy that brings you in
like a drink yeah I wish I had more of
that I'm nervous nothing I gotta have
every word precise are you I'm about
1213 it well that's who you are then
yeah yeah that's it okay what I like it
I'm figured that's a great way you know
when you when you get it polished down
you know it's like some of the most
impressive standup ever like one of my
all-time favorites is Richard Jeni yeah
he's a beast oh my god underrated as
hell but but he was talked about per se
he always said I get five minutes a year
maybe five good minutes of material here
why kill himself I mean it's brutal yeah
he was super precise he had hit a bunch
of mental demons unfortunately yeah
don't well I ran into my plane once I
was coming home from I think it was
Austin I was doing the club and he had a
corporate gig we just I said hi - I'm a
what's up Richard what's up man we're
talking you know I was just like right
behind him and he just seemed so fucking
bummed out man
just please when he goes is a young
comic you're like you're bummed you're
killing it you're one of the funniest
guys ever you don't get it that they can
also be successful in miserable
well mental illness is just it just gets
people the same way lung cancer gets
people sure the same way polio or you
know something that you can catch he was
just depressed men like severely
depressed but yeah damn he was good I
think it was because that was the only
time he was ever having fun was when he
was doing stand-up right man I didn't
know the guy that well I only was casual
with him a few times but I was a giant
fan oh yeah I worked at Eastside comedy
club when I was like I think I was
probably 23 ish 24 s my first time
making it to New York and I was doing
Long Island and they told me that
Richard Jeni had been there that night
or the that weekend and did two shows
Friday to show Saturday each totally
different that kills me
dude it was the hardest thing to hear
yeah yeah I always hear that this guy
just for different hours possible how
did he do it yeah they were in there
everyone was in awe they were not
it was Joey Cola oh yeah he's funny
again yeah he's a great guy he's like a
Long Island legend yeah he's a great guy
we were talking about it we're like how
the fuck does he do that Joey was a
ahead of me he had been doing stand-up
longer than me like you know more more
time that he could do on stage but I
just couldn't imagine ever coming to a
point my life where out of four could
four different hours mmm that's great
and they said he murdered I believe it's
just murdered do you have that Thea
always hear Bill Hicks say that thing of
like you know the material is what you
fall back on when you're out of things
to say which I don't I don't agree with
I think the material is what you show up
to do the people want to hear your point
of view they don't hear but yeah you
know they might want to hear you rant a
little bit
in the beginning but do the act that was
Hicks his style though he you know he
had his own way his way was like he was
trying to almost inject philosophy into
people while he was telling jokes yeah
jokes are really smart yeah he's
obviously a smart guy so that was his
thing but I hear ya you know the thing
about him though is he didn't have
podcasts right right he could have used
one yeah he would have the greatest
podcast ever and then I bet his stand-up
would have gotten better because he
wouldn't have felt like he had to be so
funny on stage or so poignant poignant
yeah he would it would have felt like
I'm just here to do jokes during the
podcast I get to talk about life right
we're talking about everything and I
don't even have to be funny yeah oh I've
had some bad core you've mentioned
corporates did you do any no I did a gig
at the cellar this guy showed up and he
goes I like your stuff you're edgy
you're raw come do my Country Club come
roast my Country Club I was like oh
great
so he's like he gave me a sheet of like
all his employees and all their dirt and
he's like really zing um really make it
vicious they always say vicious and I
show up and it's like Mercedes and you
know Benz is everywhere in Maseratis and
I go shit white tablecloths I go up and
I do the mic tap hey everybody I'm gonna
do some comedy and they go he's gonna
roast everybody sit back he's gonna
cigar in a suit and I go hey Bill and
Bill stands up and I go we all know
you're on coke we've seen it and feels
like what his wife's like oh my god
you're supposed to be clean and I'm like
oh well that didn't go well hey Jeff
Jeff we all know you're cheating on your
wife and she's like I knew it you know
and the kids are crying and you know Rob
we all know you're gay just come out
already and this is all the shit he gave
me and the place you know the place is
in a brouhaha and I fucking the guy came
back he said get the hell out of here so
that was tough true story I would
imagine you would a double checked no I
just used what he gave me this is all I
knew seemed so ridiculous that guys know
did you ever communicate with him after
he was furious furious that he was
pissed at me like what happened I'm like
what do mean what happened I did this
you gave me you said be vicious hate cuz
he's like I thought you'd make it funny
I'm like I just said the shit I made
jokes but I still had the dirt
it was back try to do a couple you know
jokes after about taxis and and peanut
butter but it didn't fly nothing no they
were they were just yelling at each
other the whole thing was ruined I
ruined the party
I got paid I had to fight with the guy
really and it was a solid check I might
say nice chunk of change but in court
but they don't they always said I've
been fired from every gig when they say
be edgy every time they don't know what
edgy is edgy does we're dead inside and
us is you know abortion and miscarriage
and AIDS and anal and queef and jizz but
these guys they want you know maybe a
Jew Geok or something and she's one of
those things where even though I might
enjoy it by classical definition like
what it actually is
I never enjoy hearing someone say it's
edgy know everyone says something's edgy
I'm like oh yeah my dad sounds like
horseshit
alright look it's nonsense oh it's so
edgy you got to see him he's really edgy
I don't want to see him now I'm not
seeing anybody anybody edgy yeah that
term is just a gross term all right
edgy it sounds dorky that's rated R whoa
just corny yeah edgy and she means like
you're like trying yes you're trying too
hard exactly be cool fuck he's edgy he's
gonna I'm gonna make fun of everybody
I'm talking shit right
I do like dark humor though don't get me
wrong - I love to learn that word that
edgy just kills me same sayings me think
of the worst yes it's just a shittiest
right well they always say that's not
that's a distasteful that's bad taste
that's what they always say when I do
edgy what no one would call Richard
Pryor edgy yeah I mean I guess you could
but nobody likes him would you how could
you date I wouldn't I really what could
edgy comedy like Richard Pryor like get
away from me
to me that's just comedy that's what
stand-up is is Richard Pryor exactly
that's who he was
right yeah he wasn't Steven right Steven
right found his thing yeah that's the
the great thing about it is that it's
like if you had a drug that has a bunch
of different effects and it's all just
drug
you go to the story to get it and you
don't know what you're gonna write you
know I mean that's interesting yeah drug
we got today it could be a viagra it
could be a birth control
it could be speed okay we're going to
get comedy okay what kind of comedy
whatever we just took a laxative yeah I
mean it could be anything
yeah Guns and Roses it could be Barry
Manilow right it could be anybody janna
Sheena Easton it seems like they're
never happy with what it is yeah me
neither would you be if you went to see
bands and you were like really in the
ac/dc
yeah a bunch of Fiona Apple clones like
enough wine and right I get it Sarah
McLaughlin you like puppies Apple she
was good but I know you still as I'm
sure so Sarah McLaughlin's got a
beautiful voice I got it you you know
sometimes you want to hear fuckin
cro-mags different styles yeah I did I
got hired for a bite I shouldn't say the
name but I got hired by this Internet
company pretty big one and I was
supposed to howling with Google now as
older a couple letters three letters
okay so I I got hired by them to host
their Halloween show I was the host like
Bob Barker style bad suit skinny Mike
and they were like be edgy so I was
hosting the Halloween costume we had a
live audience judges the whole thing and
I they're like be edgy we saw your act
we liked it they go great so I'm trying
to be funny I'm getting some zing zang's
and Catwoman walks on like a sexy
Catwoman I make fun of her pussy joke
whatever you know it's going well you're
trying to be funny it's it's not easy
and then she's walking off in an African
Queen is walking on like she's like a
big headdress black lady and I go hey
watch that whip around the African and I
swear to god the cameras just went
through like the whole thing shut down
felt like the power went out I was like
well that was weird and they fired me
right after you can't wait a minute if
someone's wearing African garb yeah I'd
say the African I said watch the whip
because Catwoman had a whip and she was
passing her going off and she was coming
on I thought it was a quick you know
that's funny man thanks I appreciate it
but they didn't think so
Wow they fired me that was bad it was
the first day I supposed to do all five
days how funny is that oh I mean you
would think that most people would just
say well that clearly is a joke of
course of course
that's about as jokey joke as you can
get and in my dumb mind I was like oh I
fucking nailed that one I quit I was
quick all right you were at the cellar
that would be you nailed it yeah right
but I don't know what your dumb
parameters are people just cuz you're in
a you know your you own a company I
don't know what you like yeah but the
problem is you're doing corporates can't
do yeah well I needed money yeah that
brother yeah gathered I took any gig
then at Harlem I was in Connecticut I
was uptown downtown all around yeah I
used to do bachelor parties with no
microphone Wow horrible gigs
yeah that's brutal a Da Capo I did a
couple with no microphone kind of good
for you though I look at like lighting
lang you want to be a good fighter I
want to be able to grapple I want to be
able to get into a bar fight and win I
also want to be able to you know get it
get enough playground fight you know in
a boxing ring fight like do you want it
all just fighting mix it up mix it up ya
know for sure I think those gigs are
good for you even the ones where you
bomb just to just to write it also gives
you a greater appreciation of the good
shows and you might have more enthusiasm
yeah go to a comedy club and you know
the middle act is already killing and
you get out there and ever this great
energy like your cause so good yeah
that's how good it is cuz you did
corporate gig right maybe you wouldn't
appreciate those Club gigs of course
unless you had done the corporate kid do
you remember when you found you I
remember where I was well I bombed for
like three years straight when I started
and I remember how I clicked I just came
online and became Who I am and it
changed everything what you do I was at
a show it called Mo petkins that was the
name of the bar was on Avenue A and I
was bombing I was doing my dumb
horseshit observational and this guy
started heckling me and I just after
bombing and living in New York and
having bedbugs and just being poor and
sad and lonely and drunk I just snapped
on this guy and it was killing and I was
like being me I was calling this guy a
piece of shit and
what's your life and I broke down his
whole life and made him feel like an
asshole and I left there like I felt
like an archangel I was like a phoenix
rising it was amazing
so you've realized that you can be
yourself and if you are yourself you're
even funny exactly I was in this
Seinfeld a Paul Reiser shown and I
cracked that macadamia nut open he got
out of there it was great that's
beautiful I felt ten feet tall I love
hearing stories like that I still bomb
constantly well you know if you take
chances you're gonna bomb of course if
you write new jokes they're gonna
they're gonna fall right do you lived in
New York huh yeah yeah that's when I got
I got way better way better I was coming
from Boston New York and in Boston I'd
relied too much on like regional humor
yes also there was too many like bar
gigs where you could kind of sustain
yourself and guys did it for too long
they venture out into the rest of the
country and so when I did go to New York
I felt like first of all ten minutes of
my material now is useless right gone
like bits that were killing yeah I used
to kill before well humor get you a
little yeah it was a trap for sure yeah
but it works I had some serious bomb
sessions some really bad sets and I had
you like realize like okay I got a
really really really go to work and look
at this I can't just look at this
casually right I gotta say why am i why
am I so nervous when I go onstage like
why don't I have a really good bit to
start with right ease into it like let's
look at all the problems that I've had
and awkward at first you can't recover
right you know exactly yes so all those
different things when you make when you
have to move to a completely new
environment you're forced to rethink how
you do comedy because now you're around
the Chicago guys yeah and maybe the
Chicago girls and guys do their stand-up
different yeah well maybe and you got
you get around them and you're like oh
well these kinds of this is another
level you know and then you go to New
York or just another level this yeah
this is a higher level exactly in New
York in LA or even different sure I know
there's like different styles and like
all of it is good for you you're exposed
to different styles you're exposed to
different audiences people who don't do
the road
like you can't do it you can't be a real
comic if you don't travel exactly you
could be like a niche weirdo but you got
if you want to entertain the country or
the world you got to get out there a lot
of those niche weirdos from Boston or
some of the greatest comics of all time
that's true but it's not smart it's like
the the problem is then the world
doesn't get to see ya and only the
people around you get to see and you're
missing out on a giant chunk of the
people that you could have pre that
could appreciate your work you could
have these fans they would you would
make them feel better or they would see
you and laugh like you're missing all
that this and all that because you're
not making the right steps yeah it's
actually kind of close-minded well I
just it's convenient sometimes gonna be
married they have kids you know they get
stuck there in school they don't want to
go they don't want to go on the road
every weekend you know it's like it's
too much yeah
but you you lived in New York when you
moved there did you have money no yeah
okay I was hell right it was real bad I
was I was actually staying with my
grandfather I was living in Newark New
Jersey North ninth Street right next to
a guy who got his door broken down for
sellin crack
sounds good he parked in his driveway
cheddar yeah my grandfather was there in
bought a house I think he bought a house
in like the 40s mm-hmm and somewhere
later like in the 50s the 60s they did
this thing called blockbusting well they
would say hey I think that was a story
they would say that like hey a black
person's moving into your neighborhood
black people are gonna move into your
neighborhood and it's going to drop your
property value so you got a cell now
before this happens and a lot of people
panicked
yeah just sold their houses my
grandfather was like I like black people
I'm staying right here huh he just he
just never moved bad business it was
just like he was like this is my fucking
house yeah this is where I live and he
in he was there and it turned from this
all Italian neighborhood to it was a
black neighborhood for a while and then
it became right now or when I lived
there rather it was more of like Latino
immigrant community there was a lot of
spanish-speaking people there all sorts
of different countries when they didn't
do a survey and find out what
country they're all from do you think
black people go shit the Latinos are
moving there do you think they get upset
about that like you know blockbusting
with you know Latins
I think it's all about where people can
move where they could survive cheap if
it's got to be cheap that's my artist go
there two artists of the lowest rung of
everything yeah you're the brokest and
and least we can't do anything at least
like black people and Latinos they have
like some skills with one skill and it's
painting or some shit yeah or telling
jokes Badge of Courage for guys lived in
Alphabet City like wow yeah what do they
say is for no Diaz death see is I don't
know cool it and because ya can be was
you know be careful and a was a Anil I
don't know it was something that whole
area was if you knew a guy who lived
there he probably wore he probably wore
those one of those fucking boots Doc
Martens oh yeah what's that Timberland
no he was a Doc Martens guy if you're a
white guy and he lived in Alphabet City
you were like a tortured fan of the
creeps right right and the creature I
think that band had such a cool logo
that a bunch of people just signed on to
become fans just because they like that
creepy weird you know that greenish kind
of droopy weird fellow like music for
bad people remember that uh it was a
good t-shirt I remember I dated a gal
who'd go to those shows and she would
mosh and she'd come back with headaches
[Applause]
fucking mosh pit at some punk rock show
at the ratskeller yeah I moved to New
York with $400 and I got bedbugs the
first year landlord died of AIDS whoa
and I got mugged three times in the
first year oh my god it was hell man not
that like what knifepoint gunpoint well
I was mostly my fault
I'm victim blaming here but I I was
always such a blackout drunk that I was
just like asking to be mugged I would
fall asleep and wake up and guys were
going through my shit one time I fell
asleep on Hell's Kitchen ever the bar
Rudi's know that you got a free hot dog
with every beer so it was a hot spot but
I remember being so drunk they threw me
out and I was walking down 9th Avenue
and I was
like I just gotta lay down for a minute
I'm so tired cuz I had to go when you
had that haul to Brooklyn on the subway
that would take two three hours
sometimes really oh yeah at that at 4:00
in the morning yeah
two-three hours because the trains
change and they never show up and you
know and then the garbage train comes it
takes forever and I live in Crown
Heights man which is like way out so I
fell asleep in this little alcove and I
woke up and four or five guys are going
through my shit they're blockbusting and
I'm like oh shit and I was like wow and
he goes he's getting up and he hit me I
went out again and they took my keys my
phone my joke book I mean and my wallet
and starting from scratch with no money
you gotta buy somehow get a MetroCard
but you have no wallet to get the
MetroCard you got no Greek a credit card
to get the wallet I mean it's it's
brutal how'd you get bought would you do
I just had to walk home which took
forever and then I think I jumped the
turnstiles got home and then you know
you find your roommate you call your mom
and she helps you Wow I fell asleep oh
this is a crazy story I fell asleep on
the subway I went like four stops past
mine and in Brooklyn I got out and I was
like I'll walk it it's a nice night I
see five guys in the corner right out of
central casting shooting dice doug
thugged-out guys on the corner drinking
40s and I go I'm gonna cross the street
these guys look a little shady and I
walk cross street and now an older guys
coming to a white beard big older black
guy and he gets up to me and I had an
old iPod he goes give me that radio and
I go it's not a radio that thinking that
would like you know turn him away and he
goes just give it to me my god I don't
think so and he grabs at it so I grab at
it now we're tugging and he picks me up
and he's slamming me against a business
like you know when the metal gate closes
then pow pow and I'm kicking him I'm
punching him and I can't I think he was
on PCP or something and before I know
what those five guys run over and just
beat the shit out of them I'm talking he
hits the ground they're kicking him in
the face and I'm just like uh I grabbed
my ipod and I get out of there so those
five guys helped you they saved my life
yeah holy shit
I I talked to a cop about it like a
month later and he was like oh those
were drug dealers and they can't have
some white kid getting killed in your
Nate in the neighborhood so they had to
make a choice
I was like wow thank God for drugs yeah
you can't judge I totally judge those
guys when they're like a local mafia
they take care of their block exactly I
mean that's what the mob Oh is dead the
one thing that people liked that lived
in communities that were run by the mob
is that they kind of kept an order right
yeah it was terrible order if you fell
foul to them yeah you know you had an
issue with them yeah didn't like the
they always said the mob when the mob
ran Vegas like old ladies would say that
it was beautiful with a smile true yeah
mob ran Vegas it was classy you hear
that about Buddy Cianci he was like the
the Providence mayor and he was like a
big big mob guy but everything was clean
and we're all well-run but he was also
whacking people in the back of a butcher
store so you get the good with the bad
it's like Al Capone he showing up with a
turkey on Thanksgiving but then he's
killing your uncle for not paying the
bills yeah yeah yeah that was the thing
about John Gotti and Crown Heights right
he would like the fireworks
was it Crown Heights is that where he
lived I don't know some places in
Brooklyn
was it Bensonhurst maybe Benson that was
very Italian she what wherever was where
Gaudi would have this enormous firework
celebration every year and everybody
knew that the Godfather put on this
firework celebration it was like his
peacock feathers uh-huh good flare once
a year right and you know they all like
appreciated them and they'd come to give
him respect and you know they'd have
this open display of the Mafia in a form
of fireworks uh-huh that's great and
everybody knew it was it was a weird
thing everybody knew that he was putting
it on Wow very strange very strange and
then they're in with the cops too so
that's weird you feel very safe but it's
also scary I don't know it's dangerous a
different kind of order too much murder
the law version is fucked up and you
know people go to jail for things that
they didn't do and there's a lot of real
problems yeah with the law but but it's
better than the mom yeah yeah I guess so
I guess no better it's way better yeah
it's got issues but it's based on the
idea that we're all equal and then we
all have equal rights and the laws are
supposed to protect us from people
committing crimes to us and stealing
from us imagine if a mob
I knocked on your warehouse and was like
hey you got to pay up exactly would that
be crit what would you do hire more
seals you got seals here yeah that's
what those guys are yeah I don't I'm not
paying anybody I don't know but then now
you're a you're in the bad spot yeah you
don't want to be in the bad spot yes so
it's a tough gamble and then you're just
thinking about you're laying in bed at
night you hear you hear somebody tapping
on your door and you're like fuck and
then they start taunting you then your
life is ruined then they fucking with
your wife going on yep and that's how
they get people to pay yeah yeah now
they'll get scared now they call it
unions oh sorry sorry
some unions are legitimate sir you're
obviously on the couch you drank too
much of that Buffalo Trace whiskey sir
the hooch boy you got big mitts look at
the size of those hands Jesus you could
choke a man Wow all right sorry about
the coffee's I'm on the moon here this
definite no joke it's not it's not for
the timid at heart I gotta get the
Buffalo in me just to even out mmm
long night they had sight Laird Hamilton
coffee son whoo he's a he's a hunk he's
a hunk of a man him and his wife
wouldn't you love to watch them fuck you
know a Patrick Pat from the black piece
yes I would the black blonde they would
have I mean with the genetics even Larry
David's kids are hot and he's a troll
you know he's my hero but her genes just
took over they picked up the weight the
wife Jean yeah the white your wife is
beautiful yeah so the wife Jean just
picked up the extra weight like we got
it we got it don't worry are you glad
that women find funny what would we do
if oh you're you're you're a wildebeest
I'm uh you know like a real problem yeah
we'd be fucked thank God women can see
past looks I know magic if we would have
to we had to wear makeup oh god I kill
myself like I was watching a lady this
morning in the car I was ahead of my kid
had a little thing at work at school one
of those little one of those things
called were they mascara no well he's on
stage and you'll Assembly of thank you
God why could I come up with assembly I
was just at 1:00 this morning yeah I'm
looking at this I am I'm looking at this
lady in traffic and she's applying base
on her face
doing this all while she's like
in-between traffic's unbelievable they
hit the red light and immediately
they're put in there they put in their
masks yeah darling it up it's such a
weird thing to want to do yeah I feel
bad for women for but then I also hate
when they blame men for that you know
they go oh in a man's world I got to
wear the makeup like no you don't have
to but you can also be considered less
attractive like it's a give and take
here
how much less listen man if there's some
point hot about a girl not wearing
makeup sure but you gotta have a nice
face too I mean realistically you can't
just not have sound like the Dalai Lama
know what happened they were talking to
him about would there ever be a female
Dalai Lama
yes but must be good-looking it was like
what yeah nobody wants to see this face
oh well he's no peach himself but I'm
saying biology is the ultimate
misogynist sure when you really break it
down
you know women get they gotta get
pregnant before this age and they also
want to have a career but they want to
get they got an eye they want to get
knocked up but then the tits and the
boobs and the butt and the waist that
sucks and some women want a career
simply because they want to show
everybody that they're not inferior to
men yeah that's weird
yeah what's like society's Trek no I'm
not saying trick them but trap them in
this situation where not only do they
have to have the babies yeah they have
to be they have to create humans and on
top of that they have to compete with
men and show that they can right I
always find the women who are mothers
but are also like corporate people
they're like insanely competitive yes
well you're like like a Gabrielle Reece
oh if she went that way she went the
corporate way she'd be insanely
competitor which is why she was this
killer volleyball player right right you
know like I really feel like that's a
that's a really new thing for humans
yeah when what year was it I mean not
that it's not that it's bad because it's
great that women have the option to do
whatever they want yeah but what I'm
saying is just historically how reason
is it because it seems like it's only
within the last
hundred years that women have had like
this sort of kind of career like working
alongside men
yeah and business in the boardrooms and
making sure seasons and being CEOs of
companies which is great if you're deaf
you want to do that and if you're good
at have to be good at it I hate all like
we got to put a woman in well if she
sucks what a woman who's good there are
women who are good at it it's it's
insulting and condescending to go put a
woman in you know we want to have a good
quota
conversation like that with my friend
she has a TV show and she was talking
about wanting to hire a diverse cast of
writers mm-hmm times like blogs are good
yeah that's number one
that's how one should be are they good
exactly well I just wanted to look a
certain way I don't want it to be all
white men I'm like okay you got one shot
at this right you're gonna do a stand-up
show you got one shot at this you got to
put your blinders on and just say who is
the funniest isn't it what are the what
group this is it's a meritocracy you
trying to make a chakra see yeah well if
you don't think that someone can be
funny but right for women that you might
get right there I agree with that I
agree with that's why the UFC is great
you just let it go just don't touch it
and it's fucking you got a Russian guy
you got an African guy you got a Swedish
guy you got a German guy an Irish guy no
one's going oh there's not a black
people oh thank god Silva's here thank
God Silva's here no he's just good right
you know and then you got the good women
- you got the cyborgs and the whatnots
and the Rousey's it just let it happen
let it be good it should work itself out
yeah that's the Fighting's the ultimate
meritocracy right yeah yeah completely
which is why it's so popular yeah I
think it's just as little bullshit innit
a spot there's bad decisions and there's
chairs and stuff like that I Polk's
right
overall it's like the least bullshit a
bowl yeah at all sports I think it goes
back to the blending the shit your
daughter's watching because it's just
bait we want base it we're craving basic
shit and just and I know basic like an
insult now which is ironic but it's like
we just want give me the core we got so
much
dog shit our sushi has mayonnaise on it
now
what the fuck are we doing the best
sushi is just the simple roll give me a
bj don't put you know don't get me a
reach-around
just go with the shit that works don't
put hot sauce on my dish yeah
fucking Serta they whatever they eat to
the mint it's good don't bro don't break
what is it don't fix what's ain't broke
yeah that would be the most ridiculous
porn series ever hot ones with they just
put different kind of hot sauce on dudes
dicks and crying and snot their nose and
they're blowing guys who have like
Dave's red hot yeah that wouldn't be
milk they're drinking though like what
is the one that this is what's the most
ridiculous one that they always have on
the hot ones show up the last dab it's
the last dab that was called yeah
there's one that it's like re got me
some of this shit that has a skull and
crossbones on it and I'm telling you I
have a bowl of like chicken noodle soup
and you put a fucking drop yeah one time
also dumb for those salesmen you're
never gonna sell a bottle but you are
you're wrong who's gonna buy a bite of a
drop goes a long way people some people
can do it man we can't do it but some
people can do it I don't get it they
used to get these guys that would come
from Nepal to this chili there was a
place called chili my soul in Encino
mm-hmm and it was crazy how hot this guy
would make his chili yeah fucking insane
he had different levels like level one
level two I forget what the number
system was but he had this one level
that was so fucking insanely hot he
would let you try it but they would give
you a tiny little paper cup like this is
all you get your tongue would go numb I
couldn't stop sneezing the fun well he
told me these guys from Nepal came in
ate that and we're pouring more hot
sauce on top of it Jesus I was like
there's no way he goes I'm telling you
they just have a different thing yeah
their system is set up differently they
can just eat it when you can't I love
hot sauce you know I'm from New Orleans
you know we grew up on that shit but I
don't I don't get the painful stuff yeah
it seems it's almost like a risk fun
thing like jumped out of a plane or
something oh I feel like some people
don't feel things the same way oh well
that's for sure
yeah for sure right it has to be yeah
like like you know people have different
tastes and art like some things that I
think are garbage other people willing
to pay thousands of dollars for like
this is amazing
you know like there's things that they
they resonate with some people with
other people the other people think
they're trash yeah but I think a lot of
that is a BS they just
they're friends to think they know they
want to seem cultured but I see what
you're saying but I think there's a lot
of art that's just about the image yeah
there's a little bit of that okay but
what about music then like think about
the radical differences between jazz and
say hip-hop like there's definitely
devotees for both yes jazz and hip-hop
and they can't be more mutually more
different yeah I like both yeah I like
both too but they're so fucking
different yeah like some people would
love one and hate the other totally
totally
my dad that's like it just it tastes
like appreciation for things but is
there that much variation in taste buds
mmm there must be because there's things
I love that other people think are
disgusting well they say you eat you
taste what your mom is eating as a fetus
like that's the first introduction to
like you know preference mm-hmm and I
think that has a lot to do with my
friend from Whitman Mass Joe list we
have a podcast together I know that guy
yeah you know Joe he eats like a
nine-year-old he's like hot dogs and ice
cream and burgers and you know fried
chicken now he's introduced pussy but
he's eating he and I love zucchini I
love avocado I love a weird shit I want
I want all of it I want to I want Indian
food I want a Mexican and hot sauce and
all that but he's like that's crazy
that's that's too much and I'm like how
can you and he just grew up with pizza
and birthday cake and chips and where's
my mom is a foodie cunt so she had all
kinds of weird stews going and I think
she's like a depression-era
whore cuz she would have like a fridge
with like a chicken bones and I had a
box of cream and she would make
something that's hilarious
oh yeah yeah I'm saying man I love
different kinds of food I love Indian
food man I love Indian but on an Indian
food kick lately Thai food love ties the
best Asian I think I think so too
food and unfavorable whoa just good well
have your been Thai yeah I've been to
China super nice people Thai Thailand's
like the nicest people you're ever gonna
encounter it's strange I really
everybody's so friendly
best-looking Asian too I think it was
pretty hot yeah yeah
but you might you know you might be
catching the wrong gender
oh well gender is a construct it is and
there's the best proof of it that's a
good point
they also figured out the best way to
kick people in the legs oh hi boxing
interesting elbows the best elbows knees
and leg kicks is that tie that's time I
thought Brazilian had a cornered oh yeah
my time core he Brazilians is Jiu Jitsu
the Brazilians figured out jujitsu in
the Thais figured out kickboxing uh-huh
what about crowd but gods that any good
sure yeah you don't hear much about
crime well it's a combination it's a
self-defense system that the believe it
was created for the Israeli military
uh-huh but what it essentially is is the
best aspects of all these different
martial arts like a jeet kune do-- like
a jewish ji kundo and bruce lee's idea
of g kundo is like you take what's
useful from whatever martial art and
combine them with Krav Maga is that
there's some of them you know some are
more striking base on arm or grappling
base in terms of what they teach in
their classes but it's essentially a
combination of striking arts and
grappling arts
jujitsu techniques along with karate
techniques Muay Thai techniques so they
do they do real martial arts it's like
yeah you see a Krav Maga expert like to
you oh well that guy is a real martial
artist okay it's not like watching those
some of those kung fu people that do
wacky shit right like I don't think
that's real just noises you're just
touching the guy in the chest the guy's
falling down what they're doing is real
stuff so they just combined it isn't it
funny how the Jews really flipped when
they got to America you go to Israel and
it's like chiseled tan tall full had a
silky hair hot lady and then in in
America just like diners and banks what
happened what do you think I don't know
allergies and you know stuff like that
and crazy moms well I don't know
anything about the Jewish lineage the
genetic lineage but I would imagine this
difference between the European Jews and
the Israelis ah but it's something about
America look at african-american black
or african black and then african
americans very different hmm you know i
think it's some erica in general yeah
it's a man
I think you do you can do it with almost
every group like Italian Italians the
food's different here yes
spaghetti and meatballs you'd think
that's a time that doesn't even exist
though exactly exactly yeah their pizza
is not like our shitty triangular mess
yeah you know food is very fish oriented
like the meals are like these long
experiences we sit down from multiple
courses right right we got all kinds of
we got Olive Garden that's what I was
that's what we did do it breadsticks
well I think that's probably the price
you pay for being competitive right yes
if you go to Italy they don't have a lot
of industry most that you mean when you
go to the touristy places of course it's
all tourists but you got to think what
chunk of their economy is based on
people visiting Italy it must be
enormous yeah it's gotta be hewn I've
been there to see the Colosseum
yeah it's gotta be an enormous sum of
money oh yeah you have to be like I
would say it's probably 50% of their
economy or something crazy right it's
people visiting them big on the cat
colleague over there there's this
country is yeah real big oh yeah they go
hard in the paint yeah yeah but this
cultural this country is like frantic
we're like the most frantic ants at the
center of the college money money
business corporate corporate corporate
chains especially someone like New York
right each other yeah I mean I saw a
little bit of the real New York and now
it's just pink berries Duane Reade's and
Chase Bank ah it's crazy I saw a little
but that's it also when I was getting
robbed
you know everything this there's a theme
to this episode and it's the it's the
good in the bad there's a balance you
get mugged do you get spit on to get cat
call but then you get the Pinkberry to
to Freelanders been there forever and he
told me that when he first moved there
it was like all artists yeah and he said
now it's all bankers yeah it's like it's
so weird how it happened it's it's kooky
guys rolling through downtown and
Lamborghinis yeah there's a lot of that
now so it's very odd and like
neighborhood you go to before had like
this cool dive bar and now it's his
walkie condo that's all glass and
futuristic and you're like what the fuck
is that when did this pop up yeah I
bought a moped I love this thing I'm
zipping all over Manhattan I don't know
why more people aren't buying mopeds in
New York I mean it's perfect for
Manhattan Manhattan is 14 miles long 2
miles
it's just moped city and I'm seeing I'm
the only guy out there I feel like I
beat the system I'm jumping from spy did
six sets the other night just jumping
around on me yeah it's the best
you park it right on the sidewalk put a
lock on it you're running run out no
parking no tickets no garages to worry
about getting hit I do but I you know
you got a live man I'm just living you
just live in yeah and I mean though I'm
going through red lights I'm in the bike
lane I'm in the real lane I'm all over
the road
I got a podcast in my ear I'm listening
to you know uh Jim Jeffries or something
while I'm zipping around Malcolm
Gladwell you name it and it's great I
forgot my point do you have a helmet on
now I gotta get a helmet Jesus bro
well come on look at this hair I can't
flatten that beautiful you thank you
thank you don't have to wear a helmet in
New York okay I see cops that peel off I
go up to the left yeah illegally yeah
yeah but I'm getting around man yes more
material worked out of them than ever
before and you know this the city is so
beautiful like I'm seeing like oh my god
Times Square at night then you turn off
like oh I'm on Fifth Avenue and then
you're like there's Grand Central and
there's this alphabet city there's the
West Village there's the arch in
Washington Square Park it's so pretty
and I got the wind in my hair and it's
fall and I love this thing man I highly
recommend getting a moped and you go to
Italy you go to Rome everybody's on a
moped yeah why aren't we doing it and
I'm not I don't want him do what I feel
like I got in early so he's the only one
on the moped I'm the only comic moped do
you see other people on mopeds you give
each other or nah it's just me and
Chinese delivery drivers to give them a
week in the nod they don't know might
might people and they don't care they're
just zipping along with their noodles
and moving on they don't care about me
do they have door - in New York they
must I don't know what that is
everywhere but they - you call the
restaurant oh yeah sure you get it off
your app everybody does that shit you
can see on Saturday all the hangover
people getting there a delivery what a
genius idea cuz everybody before was
trying to figure out like god why don't
they deliver I wish never and now a
company said we'll do it McDonald's
delivers its kooky manning's aisles weed
delivers everything is delivery how lazy
do you have to be we can't I feel like
if you're gonna torture your body with
McDonald's the very least you should get
out of the house
I agree I agree that that's the peak of
laziness
Jamie's saying nope get it delivered Oh
what time do you have enough time that's
all right time yeah like right on your
way home like order it can meet you
there almost oh you got a point I like
time spend a half an hour in line a half
an hour in traffic here fucking yeah
isn't it's good point
Kuki to think about when our parents
were kids how much time they spent on
just getting somewhere or just writing a
letter and then going to mail the letter
buying the stamp and then going to the
post we can knock all that shit out with
click one email yeah yeah also think but
all the time you've accumulated just
from not doing that one thing let alone
uber ring and flights maybe used to call
the travel agency now you can just whoop
I got an app I got a Delta app it's a
madness that's so many minutes counting
over and over through your whole life so
we can do pods we can do comedy we can
do martial art we can go to the gym
before people did one thing you Jack
LaLanne you know he was just a workout
guy that was it now you're a fucking
Renaissance guy you're all over the road
you got 12 hobbies and two kids you're
living Thank You kids freaks ari shit I
thought one died you know you're on the
road as well I mean we can do so much
more because of all the time it's pretty
amazing you can get a shirt I like that
shirt but once at my house tomorrow
one click Amazon that's amazing we we
got incredible we're in a good time
except for all the complaining it's
funny how you complain more when things
are going great the better things are
more people complain I think the problem
is more people have access to something
that can brought broadcast their
complaint that's what it's not just that
more people complain than ever before I
think you go to some poor town in India
I think there even when they show the
African kids with the distended belly
nothing we're going this sucks I hate it
here they're still just sad they're not
complaining you know Indian typing I
think they're happier than we are
ironically I just think it's a broadcast
issue I don't I think it's a social
media thing I don't think it hurts it I
think cities with you that's the that's
where the signals coming from otherwise
you would just be these whiny people
have always existed we just didn't
encounter them as sure but I think the
more I'm thinking different point I'm
saying the more you have the more you
complain yes
like who's gonna complain more the poor
family out
dinner at the shitty restaurant or the
rich cunt at the nice restaurant who
goes up my Dom P is is warm it's room
temperature she's got more so she's got
more to complain about where's the other
family just happy to be out at you know
sizzler yeah that is definitely true
yeah we agree on that
but the access to complain and now we
can hear about it like Dave Chappelle
said after his white supremacist sketch
that he did you know with the blind guy
mm-hmm he said he got bags and bags of
letters about how this is wrong and
racist and offensive and you should be
ashamed of yourself bags of letters and
you're like oh we didn't even know about
that is that you just didn't that didn't
come up now it'd be just a million
tweets yes free Twitter so well you know
it's like levels of outrage and ambition
to get your point across right how much
ambition do you have do you write that
letter get in an envelope get the stamp
find his address send it to him hope he
reads it you wrote it all out by hand
really yeah like most people aren't but
those are also the people that probably
would obsessively tweet mark Normand you
fucking piece of shit not how you form a
joke I got this this is hate this is
violence right and they'll just keep
hitting he was like 30 40 of them yeah
right that's the same level of ambition
and drive that causes someone to write a
letter to Dave Chappelle right 15 years
ago and today they'll just storm tweet
you yeah like this tweet storm of 10
different angry you know I know that's
just to you in a row and those tweets
hurt I don't think people realize they
sting they just go you're evil and
you're like you don't even know me
that's crazy how cruel are you like
you're a bad person I know you think
you're a hero but you're a douche you're
you're the problem
you should be yelled at I just tried to
make a joke like what your joke hurt
people yeah but I wasn't trying to hurt
people you're trying to hurt me isn't
that worse I have no intent on hurting
anyone I just trying to be funny right I
don't get and like then we reward these
twats like what are we doing and that's
all they're doing it for they're just
doing it for that weird mo have nothing
going on they just want to pat
themselves on the back and also if you
hate my joke go hate it tell your
friends why do you have to publicly hate
it that's when I think it gets fishy
that's when I go oh so you just want the
recognition that you hate it that shows
your moral superiority your
actually trying to save the world you
don't care about injustice you just want
to let other people know that you're on
the right side or quote-unquote right
side the certainly a lot of that going
on there's also a lot of people that
just they just get offended and that's
okay and but they want you to know they
want you to know that they're offended
yes what social media is for sometimes I
don't even at you they just go I'm
pissed at this guy and who's with me and
all that and you're like well talk to me
just tell me how you feel and we'll work
it out I know I didn't mean to hurt you
why are you telling everyone else why
does this have to be public that that's
where I raise my eyebrow figure out a
way to get a hold you privately how ie
maybe but even I did so was just
complaining you talk privately you're
gonna go back and forth this one person
in one show I used to you know and I
gave it's a volume issue right right you
can't there's two and the people that
are more apt to complain or also more
apt to be annoying it's possible yeah
it's like say that the numbers go up at
least in terms of percentages mm-hmm
it's a tool that's what it is it is this
new broadcast tool their tools and and
people are using it irresponsibly right
and you know I think anybody using it to
attack people I mean unless there's
someone that really fuckin deserves it
like they're doing something that's
threatening to mock restores of course
there's health in life yeah so they're
Daxing people that you know you want
everybody know hey we've got a criminal
amongst us right right other than that
there's just too much hate it's too it's
it's a bandwidth issue for you as a
human being I think you're right I was
explaining this to a friend talking
about negative stuff I was like if if
you spend if you let's say your brain
has 100 points of whatever the fuck it
is that that comprises your bandwidth if
you think about something negative that
you could avoid you have ten points that
are now dedicated to the stupid yeah
yeah it's bouncing around your head now
I only have 90 points things you love
exactly maybe there's a few other things
well and then maybe you go on Twitter
and you start arguing with people now
it's 80% of your fucking bandwidth I
know but if you avoid then you start
thinking am i a bitch for not standing
up for myself or B am I out of the sight
should I be a little bit in the
zeitgeist and keep up with a few things
am I am I out to lunch too much am I out
of touch both valid points so then you
got that to worry about yeah but I I
just think it's I don't know it's kind
of gross like the like that's why I like
Andrew yang I'm vote for yang all day
yeah because he gotten he got in I don't
to bring up the whole SNL thing because
that's been done to death but he emailed
the guy or tweeted the guy and said hey
let's let's talk like I don't like what
you did but it's a teachable moment or
whatever and we can let's see if you're
really a bad guy and I think that's the
woking of all instead of just going fuck
this guy I'll kill him yeah the locust
thing is for the asian guy to reach out
and have a conversation yeah and he
seems like a very sincere guy I've had
him on the podcast and I talked to him
Andrew yang is a big fan very
intelligent guy and gay um but you know
people would be suspicious like is he
doing that right it's always gonna be
that well I'm uh what do you call it
naive you're optimistic I'm not saying
that I would think he was but I did hear
something uh I find out this is true
Andrew yang say that he the solution
like someone one of the things to stop
getting people to eat meat is to to tax
it so high and make it so expensive they
don't want it enough no I just I can't
believe that he really said that it was
one of those things in a Twitter tweet
and I looked at it on somebody else's
pee I just out of nowhere saw it I was
like I don't want to look into this no
no let me let me let me later no listen
I enjoyed the shit out talking that guy
and I was right about universal basic
income I think we're gonna run into a
time where so many jobs removed so
quickly that you know people are gonna
be in a bad place and that if there was
something that you know could give them
enough money for food and shelter and
necessities so you could tide them over
while they're looking for employment or
try to change their life I think I'd be
good for everybody
yeah hear hear I hear the arguments
against it too though I'm not you know
yeah people say it kills people's
motivation right there's that and then
they don't have purpose they don't have
media ass getting free money
well my second it's live I can't watch
the video and it says is this and the
eggs pitched
alone and says government needs to
target
modify Americans diet to eat less now
that's weird tell me what to eat here's
the thing you can't say that because
there's people that would I mean he's
gonna experience this there's a whole
group online called defending beef that
talks about ranchers and the way people
look at the cattle industry and that a
lot of it has been sort of distorted and
one cow feeds a lot of fucking people
Cher and a lot of fucking people from
one cow yeah it's one death I don't know
if people consider like a cow to be a
better life than a mouse yeah have some
use the whole Buffalo thing if the cow
is supposed to have a more important
life than a mouse but if you're buying
grain I can guarantee you that there's
mice that have died in the procuring of
that grain we run that combine over
those fields all kinds of shit gets
fucking chopped up in them a lot of
things die animals get displaced
pesticides kill them when you see
buzzards flying over fields after they
cut the crops down that's because
there's dead animals all in there oh
yeah a lot of them you know that's just
that's a fact you know and if this idea
that the way to stop people from killing
is to make it to try to alter the
American diet get them to stop eating
meat like it's just it's not sustainable
to look at it this way we're looking at
in a dishonest way yeah it doesn't know
all the facts right it doesn't know all
the facts in terms of like nutrition
value there's way more nutrition value
in steak especially grass-fed steak sure
then almost for the way your body
digests proteins and enzymes like this
idea that a plant-based diet is all you
need to go by and that we all need to
move on to that that is not right for
everybody now is not then neither is a
meat eating die that's not right for
everybody either people are better off
with just fish some people are better
off there's a lot of people that are
vegetarians they're fine oh yeah but for
him to say that for the whole country
you're wrong yeah that's kooky and
there's people that are there they're
ranchers they've been cattle ranchers
forever people buy their meat they know
what's happening they it's not like
they're confused they don't they know
the cows gonna die and then they're
gonna eat it and everybody agrees that
this is acceptable this is a part of
being a human and this is the cycle of
life yeah now you don't have to agree
with that but for you to say you're
gonna change the entire American diet
well that's nonsense you ain't changing
shit now you're not changing shit I
don't know if that's exactly how he said
it I don't think I'm reading it I can't
hear what he said but it's roped into
propaganda yeah that's scary and then I
thought he was against propaganda that's
why I like he's like a computer you know
but I think you say it about some
environment this is a big one this is
really big because they're always
talking about the cattle industry and
it's affecting the environment arting
there's a there's a fucking chart on
that Shawn Baker's page dr. Shaun Baker
the guy was the carnivore advocate but
it's it's just it shows like in a pie
chart how much of the methane that's
produced and how much of the effect of
the environment is because of the
ranching and cattle industry it's just
tiny little sliver oh really
oh they act like it's putting a whole no
zone layer it's fucking pollution and a
factory trucks and cars and some of the
ozone layer I think for the I don't know
if this is right not a scientist that
it's getting smaller for the first time
only years uh uh from how far it's cow
farts are healing it yeah
smaller is good I just don't like a guy
who thinks he's gonna fix the diet of
everyone you Mike what you view out
indeed debates with people who are Pro
carnivore or Pro omnivorous diet people
that have changed their health because
they started eating organ meats and they
I mean there's a guy named Chris crecer
I've had him on my show a couple of
times and he's he explains like what
goes wrong with a vegetable based diet
with a vegan diet with some people yes
some people have these nutritional
deficiencies and it leads itself to
chronic illness and it happened with him
and he explains it and it doesn't mean
that you can't live on a vegetable diet
the problem is people get cultish with
this shit and they jump on you know they
will they want you to think only the way
they do and they have virtue in their
their way of doing the problem you know
this the vegans want you to think that
they're doing right and they're causing
no harm unless you're growing your own
fucking vegetables in your own little
organic backyard you're definitely
causing some harm
are you causing less animal harmful
that's debatable what about insects do
you count insects because they're
getting smashed and crushed if you're
getting they do large-scale grain
operations yeah yeah well we do it all
day long but could you imagine what it
took me to way we'd have like meat
speakeasies and shit where we'd have to
like hide meat there announcer in
schools really yeah they're doing cool
schools there they're giving kids
meatless meals fucking terrible for them
yeah for developing kids food was never
so not it's all dog shit
yeah but they need some animal protein
most kids do when they're growing up I
mean this is one of the reasons why
vegans have been arrested for having
malnourished being is that right yeah
you never heard of that no I don't
really common Wow onions get arrested
for having malnourished babies it's been
in the news many times
oh that's terrifying you're not getting
enough nutrients I grew up on a lot of
shellfish and I've noticed a lot of my
New York friends can't eat shellfish
yeah that's real common yeah common but
I so good imagine not having shrimp I
know that's kooky I would have to kill
myself we found out on fear factor that
if you're allergic allergic to shellfish
you all you're also allergic to roaches
what yeah I grew up with both of those
they're you know not eating we wrote but
we had a shitty house we had a an
episode of fear factor we serve these
people in Madagascar hissing cockroaches
as throat started closing up just seeing
it it's no just being around at 108 one
call the EMT and I think they shoot you
up with a gentleman I think wow yeah we
had did you have roaches in your house
as a kid oh yeah me too and they would
fly remember that remember somebody in
New Orleans thing yeah I grew up in the
heart of New Orleans remai wasn't in my
neighborhood
Theo Vaughn was like more sticks outside
of it but I was I was in the city and it
was terrifying it was a rough-and-tumble
City when I was there yeah my dad got a
wild hair possess and bought a match a
dilapidated mansion in a poor black
neighborhood and you know like no
running water for a while he turned the
back half into a bed-and-breakfast
because we ran out of money it was I was
afraid we got robbed all the time
because we were the white family in the
neighborhood and everybody thought we
had money because of our big house so we
got robbed constantly I walked in on a
couple robberies as a kid my alarm would
go off at like
two in the morning is that like an
eight-year-old that's you just know
there's a guy in your living room
scrapping around oh it was banana that's
why I'm so squirrely cuz that really
fucked with me for sure my bike got
stolen all the time from under me I had
a transvestite nanny was growing up
named eNOS I know this sounds crazy but
uh they don't use that word anymore
was that transvestite well he would he
wasn't trans he just had women's
clothing on right mrs. Doubtfire right
but like they don't Mo's last time you
saw someone even refer to things that
way what does a drag queen I don't know
what you would call it now I mean it
either you're trans you transgender or
you non-binary
what are you he was a dude he was a big
black dude right he looked like Ving
Rhames but he would wear high heels and
a wig yeah and he would sweep the house
so was he trans he how would you say
dick I don't say trans and then it has
is all inclusive transvestite enter yeah
I guess why not right
yeah but that's a big umbrella I think
they've abandoned transvestite but it
has a meaning it's the clothing it is
but I don't know well is is it out
looked I transvestitism comes up on
Wikipedia when I change three letters or
else you go on about control these this
language is all control it's certainly a
big part of it compliance is a big part
of what's going yes comply I want you to
comply I call it compassion yeah okay
where's the compassion with a guy who
loves sorry getting lost in the weeds so
I had a transgender a transvestite nanny
and he taught me everything like he
taught me how to fight and put the seat
up and like go on a date with a girl on
how to do this with a car yeah because
my parents were always working because
the house was so big they had to afford
it
that's so ridiculous it was crazy man we
had we had roaches and mice and we I
remember we didn't have lights in the
house we had those like mechanic lamps
in your room that's how you really yeah
like had a light in your room it was a
weird way to grow up but then the back
half was serene it was like a
bed-and-breakfast and we had traveling
musicians and like asian asian
businessmen coming in I tried to pitch
this as a show and everybody's like this
is too dark
nobody would take it but the racial
tension was insane and how many times
you guys think you're wrong oh I mean
you get robbed real good like six times
a year
Oh oh yeah oh yeah and you guys stayed
yeah how about this
so eNOS was like my male role model you
know this big black guy in a wig and one
time I was riding home from summer camp
and you know these three street toughs
you know we're put you know coming up
next to me three of them like hey man
let us try your bike and I was like I'm
good you know I knew what they wanted
and I was like I'm good no thank you and
they're like come on they're doing their
their back tire or their front tire
against my back you know that move and
starting to skid me out a little bit so
I go all right all right and these kids
are 17 I'm probably like 13 and they're
like all right let me just try it so I
remember I kept my hand on the handle
and he got on it and he's like God and
he just brushed my hand away and just
went check yeah and rode off and I was
like guy so I ran home crying and I got
there and eNOS is like what happened I'm
like huh
couple of kids took my bike and it was
like the fourth time so he's like fuck
that get in the van
I'm like I'm good you know I'm so
defeated you know I'm so it's so
emasculating you feel like a bitch so I
was like I'm good he's a get in the van
we had a big van and we're drive around
the neighborhood looking for my bike I
don't see these guys again I just want
to let it go and he's like we're gonna
find that bike we're driving around and
we go some back streets we see these
kids on a stoop like taking it apart you
know cuz you got a camouflage with a
little so I'm like and he's like is that
your bike I'm like yeah I'm sludged down
and shotgun like yeah my bike let's just
get out of here fuck it abort and he
goes up to these guys he walks up to
these guys and he's wearing high heels a
wig and like a v-neck and he looks weird
it's the 90s and he goes up to these
guys and they're all going they all lose
it cuz I like look at this fucking fag
they're all going crazy and they're
flipping out and call him names and
stuff and this guy was stone-cold and he
goes that's not your bike and I go what
are you gonna do about it and this is
like five kids with tools you know and
he goes I'm gonna take it back and they
were like I don't think you are or
whatever and I remember he put his hand
on the middle bar of the bike just to
kind of see what happened looked him in
the eye
yanked it and he said that's what I
thought through the bike over shoulder
walk to the van slid the door open threw
it in close the door we drove home whoa
unbelievable I mean talk about a 13 year
old seeing like that's like oh that's
what a man is that was that changed my
life
Wow unbelievable I never wrote it again
my idea what if they beat him to death
with wrenches well then I'm stuck in the
van crying I want to learn to drive real
quick
but no I mean leave the keys I think he
did yeah I think it was running but III
just because you know when your kid and
you see these bully types you're just
like I could never beat him yeah and
then it's a see someone beat him was so
it was mind-boggling
I loved him ever since that I mean I
loved him before but uh he's still in
touch with him now he died he got killed
in a sexual encounter oh well he was
hooking up with a guy and the dong came
out and the guy flipped and killed him
yeah he was like a burlesque dancer by
night so he got it he got it you know do
Orleans is a it's a wild devil of a lady
but yeah he he was a good egg and I'm I
I needed him growing up cuz my I had no
parents around you know my parents are
weird guy I don't know if you noticed
but I can't make eye contact I've been
doing it pretty good but uh yeah I don't
know I don't know how to connect but
that enos stuff was great he was a cool
dude you've always had that with your
parents did they do that with you as
well they don't connect yeah they're
like military tough you know
you know they provide it and all that
but I think that's why I like comedy
because you know the audience laughs and
you go hey we're feeling this there's
some happening here right and that
that's I like the truth of comedy
because you go okay I'm not crazy
we're all agreeance yeah cuz the laugh
is kind of an agreeance in a weird way
yeah yeah everybody's like right yeah
exactly
that's why the involuntary in
voluntariness and voluntariness of a
laugh is like interesting because you
like you couldn't help it
you fucked that word up so much I forgot
what the rule is involuntary involuntary
and is that a word in voluntariness
probably not involuntary ability yeah
involuntary and Valen
I think would just be involuntary I
guess the involuntary response yeah okay
yeah the involuntary response is so you
can't help it that uh that's yeah is
that a word involuntariness Wow that's
public school folks look at that always
tearing this that I love that yes I've
ever heard that before you ever heard of
it's with an iron Phil I
Wow we'll get it there there you go see
we're learning low love of language
would look right if someone sent me that
attack I feel like you've verbose piece
of shit ever boats is not bad either
they're better mine too
that's pretty good vomit Aaron Terry
Ness yeah Wow I know that's uh thing are
done without ones will an involuntary
participant in what turned out to be an
argument there you go interesting look
at that we're learning we are fucking
learning here but yeah yeah you've been
in New Orleans before I loved it it's a
couple years ago the last time I was
there I think maybe two years ago not
the best crowds if I'm being honest
he's comedies not our thing we like
strippers and booze and parties and you
know brothels and all that but Mardi
Gras jazz comedies not ours it was fun
I'd look I enjoyed it I had a good time
yeah it was there once I did a House of
Blues there and then after my show there
was a burlesque show and I stuck around
to watch the burlesque show and I just
didn't quite get it yeah for less sucks
it seemed like let's be honest yeah it's
it's like just either strip or become a
real dancer because who's confusing
you're taking something off but it's not
all the way so the whole thing's a tease
what's also like what is why you dance
in that way this is it sexy is it not
sexy yeah what's also my own head I'm
like why do I give a fuck people all
right it's very indulgent yeah it feels
like this is all for you this should be
an even even thing here I should be
entertained right but also some people
must enjoy it they have burlesque show
so why do I give a fuck if other people
enjoy what I think is dumb no I don't
care if they enjoy it I just I do Oh
I get mad at them they can do whatever
they like I got bad taste I just upset
it myself
yeah for wanting to know why why people
when there's certain things that people
like that I don't like I want to know
why I guess I have that too I'm like
what do you see in that comics really oh
that guy or that gal yeah yeah when when
you if you have to follow someone that's
terrible and the audience is laughs oh
you like you have disdain for them
completely laugh at them yes nonsense I
know and movies - I mean but we open
then we all have our guilty pleasure
bullshit - don't we so we all we all
have our thing we like so you gotta be
sympathetic yeah but that's it's less
time worrying about what other people
like yeah live your life I think there's
a lot of people just looking for
problems oh sure
I just want have you seen the
documentary they shall never grow old do
you want to fake beer sure this is
alright we're drinking alcohol you ever
try that white claw by the way yes
that's exciting
it's excited when a new thing is
invented remember when Red Bull was new
that was excited now uber and a white
cloth yeah I love white cloth what
exactly is in it I said I think people
forget about Zima ever existed liked
Zima you're the one I would drink Zima
people get mad at me this is how manly
enough like I wear a fanny pack - I
don't think those are water and it's
less filling what this is like why is it
supposed to be manly to drink something
to taste like shit like what is that
well how did God like wine coolers go
for guys in the night yeah but if you
were a guy you're in a wine coolers you
cried a lot yeah you're the James Taylor
yeah I want to do picnics you fucking
and like meticulously make a picnic and
alcohol though right yeah barely you
feel that man you're in the wine coolers
the girl's gonna leave you it's true and
that's what the weird thing about oh we
should all have emotions but yet there's
a little tinge in your veg when I pop a
wine cooler
that's not good and it's drying up
there's the wine it has a level of
emotions
yeah well that's to know you care
exactly that's what makes this
interesting is we're different we'd like
to go pretend like we're the same
but if we're the same how come men suck
now when the shit hits the fan you're
gonna want us around right right
whines okay though my school is like a
wine tastes like shit I hate wine uh I
mean I can't drink wine the way you
could drink like 7up you know he's 7up
you can just throw back a glass a couple
you can't you gig squirrelly crazy
Chardonnay drink a bottle of wine that's
girls wine okay but red wine like no one
drinks a glass of red wine like a 7up
you know I mean yeah maybe like a wine
oh yeah like an iced tea you drink an
iced tea you drink the iced tea yes
never drink wine like that it makes you
thirsty R sip it you enjoy it I like it
that way
I enjoy one I don't like it but it
doesn't taste good in terms of like it's
a different kind of taste like I enjoy
the taste yeah makes my my tongue thick
I like it you know what I mean I hate
that it's like a brick of wood and get
the purple lips the red teeth and I
understand I feel yeah I know what
you're saying but see this movie it's
gonna change it I thought on the plane I
I I was blowing my mind on the plane
here
there it is I know we're getting into
like dude shit here and like an asshole
but Jackson Peter Jackson did it that's
it's so well done it's unbeliev the
footage they have of World War One is
unbanned I'm not like a war buff or
anything
it's unbelievable with these people went
through and how they joked through it
how they had smiles and how they they
had to shit themselves and they got
gangrene and it couldn't clip their
toenails put the camaraderie and the the
fact that they wanted to go to war they
each I'm having goals they're like I got
nothing going on the factory's closed
I'm going to war fuck it and they all
died like you know 80% of them died but
the ones that came back they're like I
saw my best friend next to me they all
talked to the old people you never hear
this shit it's amazing this footage they
have unbelievable this is them
practicing this is nothing but when they
get into the shit they show it they got
footage of the people's heads blowing
off and just the fear in their eyes and
like these are 19 year old kids smoking
cigar their fingers are shaking
you're like I can barely I'm nervous to
make a phone call I don't wanna check my
voicemail they're British first of all
the teeth back that up okay their
fucking teeth look at these guys well
they'll have a toothpaste now there look
at look at their teeth these are kids
that living out in the land look at
their fuckin teeth they got one uniform
for four years one uniform the boots
were hell I mean the the cigarettes were
currency it was crazy
your rifle was your best friend I mean
it makes you realize how weak you are
and how tough they were and look that's
from mustard gas now they gotta walk the
blind guys around like everything was
the thing that they had to dig trenches
every day was brutal look at that come
on the rats my god the rats Wow
yeah crazy and then the stench of the
dead horses they said was indescribable
I mean it's how long was it moving yeah
you know it's an hour and change this is
their day off they sit on their day up
they didn't know what to do they just
was like we just were shot at for four
years and bombed and now we're sitting
here and they said it was just silence
the whole day they didn't know what to
talk about or what like that's them
playing they're trying to make the most
of it
hey the guy said it was weird how much
comedy came up because you needed it you
were so miserable ah dude you gotta see
it this should be this should be
required viewing like I just shot his
own helmet off on accident now that's
they got a beer I mean it's crazy the
gas mass I don't know who that kid is
that's them burying I mean it's
unbelievably fun egde I can't believe
they pulled this footage together Wow
I'm really talking it up and I'm not a
war guy but it's so well done it should
be required viewing every school well
that's about as far back as we can go
wavy film maybe like with what is it was
a film was like they had the late 1800s
right it was at the earliest film and as
far as like historical events like war
that's probably as far back as we can go
can't be a lot of sound they have then
right a little bit not much not much
narration okay yeah if you think about
historical events that were documented
like um how far back do they go before
World War one it's about yeah that's
1914 so probably nothing
maybe some reels like that spinny Cinna
scope thing
that's a window and time you know oh
yeah they had nothing going on and the
weird thing is they say when they came
back nobody gave a fuck they're like I
just saw this and pure like yeah yeah
we're doing this now and he's like I
just gave my life for you and this and
their rise again what are you gonna do
that's weird
they had a different appreciation for
life and you know the guys that do wind
up going to war one of the things that
you know Sebastian Junger is he's a
journalist who wrote books on war and he
wrote a book called tribe this is a
really interesting book it talked a lot
about this sort of thing that happens
with these guys like The Hurt Locker
remember the guy wanted to go back yeah
like the the sense of camaraderie and of
being alive and the excitement of life
it's like this heightened state like so
many of them describe war time this
horrific time as some of the most
memorable moments it's like the happiest
moment of their life or they're the most
attached to their brothers and their
comrades right it did it boils
everything down to the basics of
survival and I think we've kind of lost
that now we have so much you know we got
dine and dash or whatever the hell you
said diner - whatever you know the
McDonald's coming right to you
yeah like you don't have to there's the
survival we've cushioned it so much that
we're sitting up here on eight blankets
eight mattresses where it used to be
just you're on the floor
yeah and kind of live the heightened
experience of knowing that life is
fleeting and seeing people die around
you I mean that's I had a friend of mine
who was from Israel and he's he was
always like laughing and dancing and
playing bongo drums show like this and I
said why is this like where you're from
and Israel is it like this it goes yes
everybody party party I go why he goes
because it tomorrow you could be dead
hey Marv you could be dead every day
party party what did I say the more you
have the more you complain these guys
are like hey we could die at any moment
we get bombed
let's live baby it gives people like a
feeling of like all the systems are
firing I think one of the things about
people with sedentary lifestyles and not
no goals and no activity in their life
it's like your body just starts to fall
apart it doesn't want to live yeah it
just doesn't want
and then starts feeling bad yes all the
time just feel shitty yes it's like a
dog almost not to compare us to dogs but
if you don't give the duck you know the
dog wants to hear what to do a little
bit you know you got to give it a little
bit of order or else it just like biting
his own tail they need activity yes they
have a lot of energy total well we do
too
oh yeah oh yeah but we're trying to take
energy away like everything is built
like the internetting just sit there all
day it's not good if you don't need to
go outside yeah that's not good for
people it's not good for people also to
be in these weird virtual environments
all day long yes
talking to people without actually
talking to people completely I mean this
is why the moped is so time on that
thing I got the wind in my hair I get
off the moped I'm onstage like whoo I'm
alive baby
yeah you know I got that kiss of wind
and I'm on stage talking to random
strangers then somebody hands you a wad
of cash you jump back on the moped you
go bang your girlfriend woo have a beer
living baby living queef yeah yeah I
love it
yeah it's um those are real experiences
the reasons why people still love comedy
yes it's a live real experience where
the cut where the entertainment where
cockroach's of the entertainment world
you know you can't bomb us we'll keep
coming back because you need the truth
these action movies and you need comedy
those are two to stalwarts yeah John
wick is going strong oh my god
yeah it's the most murderous movie of
all time and the time where everybody
wants to get rid of guns this guy kills
everybody and everybody loves them I
know love's Keanu Reeves seems like
probably the nicest guy that's ever
existed I know he seems like a cool dude
and he's got what is it he's got a
motorcycle collection yeah well he's a
yeah it's aficionado that's the only
thing that bummed me out about John wick
3 is there's no muscle cars oh yeah you
have no muscle cars boy see part of the
problem I see your your your fame and
whatnot and I the cars or what really
makes me I don't care I don't need money
or fame I don't care about any of that I
don't even want to be famous
I'd rather have a nanana - and an
eminence yeah anonymous sorry
anonymous life its coffee and the booze
and the non-alcoholic it's I don't I
don't want to be there I was talking to
re he's like I want to go to a music
festival and I said
yes I'm with you so you're all euro
you're huge you're famous man that
scares me but when you pulled up I don't
want to tell you this
it was jizzing a little I was walking in
the comedy store to do some bullshit in
the belly room work on my uber bit and
you pulled up and that fucking Chevy
Corvette the silver one the stingray
that thing oh my god i jizzed my twat
leaked it was so hot then you pulled in
you parked it I was like now that's what
I want I want to have a cool car that's
why I bought the moped - it kind of
satiated that car thing but I want a 69
Porsche 911 Irish green tan interior ah
69 you want the long hood yeah I like
the old stuff it looks better to me -
yeah
hashtag yeah they'll they'll take those
and they'll put like really good motors
in them now - that's like the singer
shit yeah the singer shit but there's
also a bunch of companies that do it in
a way where you could drive it
everywhere you're dealing with a half a
million dollar car yeah yeah coolest
looking car to me I love that fucking
car it's it's cute but also got balls
and also sexy it's got everything to me
this is a bunch of guys who take those
cars in the hotrod amount and then yeah
I don't need all that the 993 engine and
they put it in there so it has more
power yeah I just wanna I just want it
to be a driver you know I want to go
back and forth daily with it can they do
that can they destroy yeah I don't
actually probably be more reliable than
these old engines right I would imagine
yeah even if you get in a car with an
old engine unless it's all been
completely refurbished you're dealing
with a hundred fifty thousand two
hundred thousand who knows I mean he has
course but I grew up when I was a kid I
bought a 71 Cutlass convertible supreme
and it was the coolest car ever but it
would break down you know once a month
and I'd be I'd be at a bar like shit and
they were so embarrassing I'd have to
like push it around the block so I could
start it and try to like play with it
cuz you don't wanna start outside the
bar your friends would laugh at you yeah
so I would have to like tinker with it
and it was fucking brutal and I always
said if I ever got rich I'm gonna buy a
nice car and just put a good engine in
it this is these things they they're so
fickle
yeah what's like like that's your dream
car is a 69 Porsche well right now
because I'm
not very financially stable so that's
that's probably my ceiling but I would
probably go and raise you around
Manhattan yeah small Oh God my dream do
you know how to drive one those fuckers
could you teach me stick you don't know
how to drive stick
I drove stick like you don't want to
learn on a Porsche well obviously maybe
you can still get rental cars with a
stick yeah it's not hard to learn you
learn in five minutes
no yes I did it once this place I don't
know it's listen RTG I could teach you
in ten
let's film that yeah that could be a fun
video you don't want to do one that's
hard but you know a Porsche look
especially an old one it's also the
hinge on the floor it's a different
setup yeah like the ones that most of
them are coming like the way Porsches
are it's like on a hinge it's it feels
different all the things are there
connected at the bottom instead of
connected and dropping down I've got a
modern car everything drops down right
push it you have to learn that that
feels a little bit different and then
you know like those those cars are
tricky are they yeah yeah yeah the you
you have to learn how to drive them like
this is something called live throttle
oversteer so if you're taking a turn
with an old 911 and on the turn you let
off the gas you're nice and he'll kick
out what yeah yeah it's called lift
throttle oversteer and it's because
there's there a rear-engine car right
there not a mid-engine car there were
rear end swings out the engine is
actually behind the tires yeah so
there's something that happens as you're
going around a corner when you let off
the gas it just wants to spin mm-hmm
yeah and they didn't have much grip
either they had those ones the problem
with those ones versus the hotrod ones
is they have little skinny-ass fucking
tires because that's all anybody had
back then those tires suck dick yeah
they're not good you want fat grip you
know you want a toy or a Michelin or a
fucking you know killer the ark compound
tire right so you could drive around
corners and you know get some real
fucking traction alright because that
thing you have to learn how to drive
that thing it's not it's not a regular
car I thought they were the best drivers
like I everything's like a Porsche you
know the new ones sure if you got a new
one
yeah they drive amazing and those things
are
interesting what they are is like really
mechanical like I have an old one out
there yeah but see it a 93 RS America oh
nice it's really light it's got a roll
cage in and no air conditioning no radio
no nothing just it's all just engine and
fun oh but that car is tricky yeah
there's no traction control you know you
like you got a the first time I drove
around the corner I said let me see what
it's like what I've lay off the gas and
mid corner it's like yeah yeah so you
kind of hate driving no no I had to
tightened up a company called shark
works did a bunch of things to it and
tighten up the suspension and we changed
the tires got a grippier that fatter
tire and it's just they're just the
thing about those cars is so thrilling
especially a car that doesn't have
automatic power steering and it has a
manual transmission so it's all you see
you feel every fucking bump of the road
yeah you're attached that's there's no
numbness in the steering right it's
alive and it's the rear engine so the
front end is kind of light yeah yeah you
can move it around pretty good even
though it doesn't have power steering
and you hear the gears in salt air
cooled so gears and shit it's an easy
sound an engine anyone else hard they
make me hard yeah that's a that's the
most viscerally thrilling car to drive
it's not nearly as fast as like my Tesla
the Tesla buries all of them I know but
the Tesla has no soul feel it feels like
to me it feels so electric I got nothing
that's a lecture but it doesn't feel
like a machine it feels like it's like a
vacuum cleaner or something it's been
driven one of course not yeah that's the
thing I've never been in one
I was we've got well let you drive -
when you drive it it's uh it makes you
feel like oh okay other cars are just
stupid other cars are stupid idea really
oh my god it doesn't make any sense huh
there's no gears right it doesn't go for
a second it does that faster than
anything you've ever been in your life
yeah that's it like rollercoaster fast
this is how fast it is okay
they just did a Nurburgring time the
Nurburgring is this famous track in
Germany yeah this is a very very famous
where times of cars speeding around the
Nurburgring has always been like the
benchmark okay like denial four-minute
mile it's a big deal like I have a gt3
RS which is a like really essentially a
race car for the street and that
supposedly goes around the Nurburgring I
think somewhere in the neighborhood of
seven minutes and forty something
seconds this K new Tesla just did it's
seven minutes and 20 seconds oh wow
that's so that's 20 plus seconds faster
yeah Porsche race car that's insane
because it doesn't have to shift doesn't
have to shift and it has this crazy
power the power and the acceleration
it's not like anything I've ever
experienced in my life I've had all
kinds of muscle cars I've got all kinds
of different things like you know I've
had big cars and small cars that thing
is a totally different animal yeah
animal this is all news to me I thought
it Tesla went bankrupt
it's fucking nuts you're doing these
shows tonight yeah I'll bring it and
then what roads will drive it at all
don't do words for me I don't know you
need experience all right I appreciate a
Salesman yeah apparently it's capable of
doing that seventh oh hey we did it
no what do you mean it says it's
possible it broke it did a 724 there
right now broke the brokedown win during
the race what what it's not a Rory
during the time trial well they
definitely for sleeve one they complete
Porsche passed them with are they racing
watch a video of the Porsche passing a
brokedown Tesla on the Nurburgring that
is that this is bad today's Tesla like
that they're doing okay this is worse
for Elon than the weed smoking no it
makes sense
all right you if you're going around a
track on a car that has a it's all
batteries and heats up they they had
real concerns about that this is their
tweet says it can't achieve it it didn't
say it achieve it well how do we know if
it can if it didn't data from our track
tech indicates but I thought they had a
second one what are some improvements
705 may be possible but they definitely
did 723 or something like that which is
still insanely impressive yeah yeah pull
up
Nurburgring laps a Tesla 723 but
no there's more than one test this was
the second they started doing it a
couple of days ago mm-hmm what they're
trying to do is beat Porsches electric
car Porsche has his badass new electric
car that they just came out to take on
yeah minute one test that completed that
lap a very on official time of 7:23 how
did you say very unofficial it says very
unofficial how's that mean so like they
probably left it to Tesla to measure it
maybe right that's probably it means not
a judge how do you know anything about
Nurburgring I just from playing video
games in the video game tracks it's a
dope track in this video game do they
make you do they have an official that
gives you like the ready set go
like how do they do that I'd be like the
video game Grand Turismo yeah yeah that
makes sense like you would have to have
an official you couldn't trust you know
like what companies lie about how much
their gas like guzzlers right cars I
didn't didn't that happen Volkswagen
they lied about the gas mileage they got
in trouble a that was it emissions or
gas mileage I think was emissions yes
right so companies will lot still
definitely live up to acceleration
informal a timed informally timed on the
circuit at 7:23 stop watch was timing
but made by a correspondent of the
German publication Auto Motor and sport
okay so they at least had a journalist
that was doing it the Tesla did have the
advantage of using race compound tires
doesn't account for the almost twenty
second advantage over the Porsche ty can
mmm besides lap times 7 42 yeah they're
a burger I've got another way even the
Porsche one that's 742 that is fucking
insanely fast for a four-door car yes
mainly crazy so they're all insanely
fast and if you could find the
difference between the Tesla and the
Porsche in daily driving I think you're
an asshole because you're probably
driving way too fucking fast you know
you could tell the difference between
723 which is insane yeah 747 right that
sucks it broke down though well I think
those things overheat uh-uh I think
you're not supposed to drive them like
that I think you're supposed to drive
them like you would drive a regular car
still pretty cool that it did it no it's
it's pretty incredible and this is like
the the reality of electric cars is that
we're basically in like sort
a fetal stage or you know we're in like
a grammar school State yeah there's
gonna be a college athlete and an
Olympic stage we got a ways to go
yeah they're they're really just getting
going with this shit and if they made
some breakthroughs with with batteries
like the amount of juice you can get out
of a battery yeah if they did that and
had them like thousands of miles of
range instead of like the really good
one today I think is like 315 I think is
the most you can get 315 miles okay but
that's if you don't drive like a dick
right right well let me sorry Jamie I
just recently heard through something I
was looking up someone else mentioned on
the podcast that I did sudden about
solid state batteries being worked on
right now have you ever heard anything
about that
no it sounds like it would be useful for
this I don't even understand his stall
what does that mean I don't know it's
like how solid-state hard drives are
completely different from hard drive
just maybe the same kind of thing I
don't that's where I'd really didn't
understand I was looking it up and I
felt like I felt a simulation because
the guys name is good enough the
scientist is 97 years old and he's done
a bunch of I mean how much think about
how much you need batteries and how
little do you know about batteries I
don't know jack shit about batteries
come on who does I have I'm like I hear
the new I got a new iPhone got a good
battery right it's gonna give me more
time well after plugging I mean throw
this one at you sloppy joe they say you
should never buy your dream car because
then you got nowhere to go from there
that's nonsense
you think so most people are assholes I
mean it could be some two and I'm like a
Dali Lama bullshit all right
Munson you want to have something to
strive for you got another to strive you
just enjoy it you do that I strive to
write better jokes I strive to do better
sets but that's not it's never-ending
the beauty of this it's never going to
end yeah the car thing is just cars are
just cool they don't stop angry do you
not park that Corvette I get on and look
at it and go fuck look at this thing
yeah that's what I do
dude when you pull up the light was the
Sunset Boulevard lights were glimmering
off of it it was pretty juicy
tonight the 1965 Corvette like that
shape yes they just nailed it but that's
again that's no committee that's just
some
guy designing I feel like everything now
is so cornered and curved and boring
well they have to be aerodynamic now and
also we rely on them to get these good
lap times
well like I don't even think they've
released the Corvette's lap time on the
Nurburgring I don't think they release
an official lap time for the Z Z 51 of
the zo6 or even the zr1 I don't think
the the big league Corvette I don't
think they ever released a laptop that's
a big track like for a car look if you
want to compete with Porsche or you know
there's other major sports car brands a
company has to release a lap time with a
Nurburgring early somewhat Laguna Seca
you have to have you know there's that
the freeway the one in there's one in
Atlanta that's really good - uh-huh
doing it but they didn't release the
time I guess yeah well then it must have
not have been good I mean it's real
simple you know the speed is cool but
this car looks silly to me does it yeah
this is like a that's silly that's looks
a little joke to me really yeah I mean
it's to me this is like too much
this is retarded you know it just it
looked like have you seen it like pull
up oh there's no style you don't think
that looks I mean it stop this is like
gaudy and over-the-top I don't know it's
to me this is not sexy mmm I like subtle
okay so you like old classic yes yes
there's some art to it this just looks
like John wick was driving that 1970
Chevelle you like I love that I love
that I love that at 70 Chevelle white
with the black stripes oh it's a car
that's a fun time yeah that's when I
bought that car as a teen I 71 Cutlass
it looks so good but they need the
reality hits you like this thing's
fucked up the alternator's sucks and
then the starter breaks and then the
rust and all that like I didn't think
about all that as a kid there he is
right there oh man look at that fucking
car see if you have the money you can
just keep that car up yeah well that's
the classic one - the black with white
stripes that's like when I was a kid
good band one of the buddies in my
neighborhood his friend had a black with
white stripes Chevelle and he gave me
really I'm thinking the Baloch beating
this guy's Karluk how could anybody own
this yeah how do you sleep actly knowing
that you have a 1970 Chevelle in your
garage oh yeah I would just get up in
the middle of night and touch it yeah
that car right there with the fucking
the black with the white stripe City
when he slammed into that motorcycle
rider used hauling ass all around the
town
that's an incredible car I remember
having a car when you were kid look at
that Citibank that ruins that whole
fucking shot right there but I didn't
even notice
yeah I'm an animal the the thing about
when you have a car as a kid it's such a
big deal that you cleaned it remember
you'd liked cleaning it it was like fun
you know you got in there and you change
the oil and then you fucked with the
tires and you rotated them it was you
loved it it was like a thing you loved
you know and I would fuck me up though I
bought an Audi Fox and I had a neighbor
that had like it was a 1972 or something
like that
outtie Fox it was pretty cheap I don't
know how he fucks it was a weird little
tiny car that was a manual transmission
yeah that was exactly that cute I had a
tan one I had one that was basically the
color looks like Brad Williams they've
cut right to the left of that picture
right below that one yeah that color
that's basically the color that I had
the brain how much it was like a tan it
wasn't that that gross looking yeah yeah
it's like at an Audi Fox but four-door
um I think it was a two-door do they
mean I two-door yeah as a joke that's it
that's kind of got a style to it it's
got a subtle subtle subtle lines on it
but what I learned is that little cars
handle so much better yeah I drove that
little car around I was like oh like
that these other cars of them driving
these muscle cars are pigs right you
could just really jerk that thing around
some turns well as a front-wheel drive
car - if I remember correctly the front
engine front front-engine
front-wheel-drive and like pulled around
yeah it's like pulling the car instead
of pushing the car right right I was
like oh this is a smarter way to do it
you know it's a good version of the car
it's similar to that that I love it but
it'd be my number two is the BMW 2002 oh
yeah like a 7
oh that car sexy that's a sexy card well
you know there it is
CIA have you seen that a Bronco than I
have icon Bronco that is so slick like
the Bronco like the OJ or you know it's
an old bar el Bronco well the point is
it's from put that picture back up
there's a company this company icon is
gonna take one of those uh-huh and
they're gonna put a mm 18 or 19 chassis
and engine of the two series BMW that's
heaven so that little tiny little car
will have like you know probably a 350
horsepower engine and a modern
suspension and modern brakes and modern
transmission he's in the process of
building like the first version of that
right now
Wow he's a wizard he does really cool
shit with cars yeah they're gonna take
it look at that just looking there's a
guy from Bavarian workshop Marc from bro
Varian workshop put together a car
that's similar to that he he put a m3
engine and an older 2002 and I actually
saw it the other day he was parked in
front of his shop yeah that's it was on
Jay Leno's Garage that car is radical
that is a lunch so Jack back up a little
bit back up a little bit yeah that's it
that's it there's mark right there
that's mark Norris uh-huh and um yeah he
made this dope car well you nervous
about beating big Jay no let-up met him
before he's really nice he's always been
nice I know but he's like a comedy man
at Massachusetts comedy God another
Tonight Show and then now this car god
he's like two loves he does have that
but man he is so much more comfortable
and like happy nothing about cars yeah
when he was on The Tonight Show he's
basically like you know hey here's this
guy yeah Joey Lawrence he pulls out a
gun and blows his brains out spring
storm an NBC Peacock yeah this is a
company man the pitter
and he's got an Uzi in his mouth he
keeps changing collapses yeah
the older guys like Leno and Simon
there's so much more Zen now they don't
have to Instagram and all that shit they
don't care they're all podcast they
don't do any of this shit they don't do
stories and tweets and they seem like
I've hung out with something I want to
say we're buddies but I've hung out with
him a few times because of comedy and
he's like wise and he does he does TM
you know and he doesn't drink and he's
like centered and he's got a family and
he loves comedy and he's got his money
and it's just he's he's a good guy to
look up to as as a as a comedian and
like a business person where you want to
be and as a man where you want to be in
life and how you want to be and what you
want to be like mmm like dead tonight
have you heard about how I met him no oh
dude I mean he was my guy like I was
doing him when I started and it was
embarrassing did you do a guy yeah I did
Jenny okay
I caught myself on stage once going oh
yes I did an open-mic in New York and in
New York they were ruthless and I went
on so I was walking to the mic and some
kid in the back went and it fucking
crushed me because he was mocking me
leveled me because he was right and I
after that ever since that day I chewed
him out on the mic but I also changed my
ways because it hit me right to the core
and so you know whatever I'm doing I'm
doing four sets of the night and I run
over to Gotham and they go hey slow down
buddy you know when you got four sets
you got to make those time so really
it's like dominoes you lose them all and
they go hey slow down Seinfeld's on I go
ah damn I mean that's how jaded we are
as comics the biggest comic on the
planet is on I'm like I'll fuck I could
sit down and watch him but I'm like I
got to make my shows so they go don't
worry I think he's going short so he
gets off and I and they go you got to
follow him I go fuck and that's bathroom
break for most people you know Seinfeld
is done we're not gonna watch the next
douche so he's walking past me off stage
I'm walking on and I go you still got it
and he goes hey I like your stuff and he
just said that like in passing and I was
like oh my god like I figured he would
even acknowledge me you know and I'm
freaking out so now I go and it's for
Merrill Lynch or something it was like a
corporate kind of thing so you had to be
clean so
I go up and I'm I'm beaming from this
sign fella compliment then I just
fucking level the room I just it's
coming out of me it's oozing out of my
eyeballs and I killed and turns out he
was watching so not only did I have to
go after him but I had to be cleaned
thank God I have like eight minutes on
school shootings at aphelion midgets so
like I had to be clean and it went well
and I got off and toes like oh that was
fun let's go to the next set he goes hey
came out of the shadows he goes let's go
hang out so I go oh my god and it was
like a hot lady you know when you have a
good set you got a little juice with her
I would never have anything to do with
this lady without comedy and we go in
the greenroom
we talked for an hour and a half I'm
shitting myself for the first 10 minutes
he's these might here I grew up while
watching with my family must-see TV
NBC Thursday nights and we're the first
10 minutes I'm shitting because you know
you know this guy's face you know his
voice and everything so well I know
everything he's done I've read his
biographies and shit and then after 10
minutes is just a comic he's just a Long
Island car guy baseball guy comedy guy
and it was just super cool and we talked
and he goes take my number and I go I'll
never I'll never call he goes use it use
it and that was it we just texted a
little and then as he was as I was
leaving he did a bit that I was new and
I go hey I got a tag for you on that
cemetary bit and he goes I whatever take
it easy next day what do you got in the
cemetery bit
now we're texted and I had nothing so
now I'd go write a bit you know I had to
write a bit in the time you didn't
really have anything I thought that was
fucking with him so now I'm writing a
cemetery bit I'm like I'm googling
cemeteries I don't Aires
so I came up some headstone pun bullshit
I said it to him I could tell he was
like yeah that's Explo me I have when
they say I tried to save it I wanted to
keep it going it's like talking to a
supermodel right when I was like but you
don't wanna step on Karlin Cemetery bit
and he goes wait what's that so I sent
him that clip and now we're going back
for Doc Karlin and then he and I go I
think he's better than prior he goes
what are you crazy so now we're going on
a Karlin Pryor fight and we just fucking
had it that would two hours of texting
it was amazing why didn't just call each
other you got that conversation done
for a fucking text message where you're
also watching TV I know he's 65 till he
took forever to get the words out but
obvious to see glasses yeah but I didn't
want to I didn't want it to end I was
happy was long so yeah so now you're
besties I wouldn't say that but I'm
getting close I wouldn't I wouldn't even
say pretty close I'm closer to you than
I am to him you know it's one of them
weird ones yeah you don't want to bother
and then I get it and then you don't
want to come on too strong where he's
like this guy is up my ass because
anything bothering that guy exactly so
I'm trying to keep him like Colin Quinn
and him are buddies and I me and Colin I
love by the way very underrated oh yeah
super never talked about Colin Quinn
genius comedies but with a tough crowd
that's my whole comedy world is tough
crowd that's like my in flu were you
ever on it or no no that was Oh for I
started no six I came around I mean I
was long it like maybe second season or
something like I don't forget and Colin
I hadn't seen him in forever and he was
warming up the crowd so he's doing
stand-up to warm up the crime yeah I
mean in fucking murdering and Arthur and
he's like right now doing something
that's way better than the show itself
oh this is so weird right like his
stand-up but it was very tight and you
know and they were a huge Colin Quinn
fan yeah tough crowd fans so they were
laughing hard but what that show was was
the first show where comics could ball
bust yes like we do in the back bar at
the store or like we do you know when
we're in the green room we talk shit
about each other we round we have fun
yeah and we make fun of each other we
laugh and it's real it wasn't fake like
they try to react that reenact the ball
busting and it's always embarrassing you
know if someone says something like mark
we didn't get coverage on that can you
call his momma skank again we didn't get
it you know I've ever depalo had some
line he said a Ralphie may was sitting
on a big red bean bag chair and de Paula
said you look like you jumped out of a
plane and land on a Coke machine for
three Star Jones one time he bombed and
he took a sip and Patrice goes yeah take
another sip of timing
I mean so many Zing's and these guys
were the king of zing they and they knew
each other and it was a genius know was
it was a show that I don't even think
you could do to it no it's too real yeah
too real well it was very much like
stand-ups actually talking shit to each
other well it kind of the way they used
to yeah the way they used to now you got
really well this guy's you know buy so
go easy on them or whatever this is New
York
this isn't your New York your experience
in this yeah all new you are I'm a New
York guy right but you don't get that
out here oh yeah you live like that I
did a show at the store and I was like
there's a lot of guys on the show we're
gonna get in trouble and Santino was
like shut up this is LA I was like Jesus
LA is a full on meritocracy there's a
lot of funny women but they have to
actually be funny why is that you don't
get on a show just because you're a
chick but it's weird that's even
controversial like a ribbon is funny
minorities blah blah blah everybody why
it's it's more offensive to put you on
because you have a gash well that's why
like I was saying about this girl that
was telling me that she wants to have a
certain look for her writers room I'm
like that's weird the look should be
hilarious yes it would find the funniest
fucking people that are willing to work
for you right don't worry about I want
black gay women I want this I want that
listen I don't do it yeah it's a trap
cuz you're not gonna get the best show
that way of course the best show is fun
the best comics if they happen to be all
women yeah I get diversity you want to
put it like I don't know all the shit
black people know or Asian people know
so get them in here but like just get
the funny ones
yeah the problem is actual racism yeah
it's not and guilt
yeah else is a problem that's definitely
problem with some folks yeah but but the
actual racism is the real problem not
like ensuring that this diversity to the
point where you're seeking it out yeah
eliminating the better candidates that
just happen to be a white woman or a
white man yeah you know you want this
instead very strange but it's not wise
okay because your product is gonna
suffer because if you're if someone's
got a skill like the the real problem is
someone sitting and it rarely happens
I would imagine where someone decides
that the far better per
like it depends on the job for sure but
if if you're in a city like sports it's
one of the reasons why Sports is so
awesome
yeah like in the Jack Johnson days they
did try to do that they did try to keep
Jack Johnson from fighting for the top
of course husband or a system totally
didn't want a black man to write because
he knew he was the best of course they
were trying to keep him from being the
best but in most areas of life I feel
like if you're really good you get ahead
and yeah if you don't that's the problem
the problem is racism the problem is
someone trying to stop you from getting
ahead just because you are whatever you
want or sexism or Y or sexist yeah yes
that's the real problem the response to
that is not force diversity there's yes
that is like racism is awful it should
all great but it's not that you should
force diverse I agree I think it's
strange to make a mistake yeah you're
making a mistake
yeah and it's weird and kind of wrong
and kind of gross comedy yeah of course
but it's just and I get the whole we got
a like we went so far the wrong way then
now we're trying to we go far too far
the other way but like it's weird that
they people can't see that and then they
call you racist and you're like you
don't even have it's always people
without black friends who call you
racist ironically you know you don't
even know any black people and why are
you using that word so liberally yeah
weird word to say that but you know what
I'd like why are you using that word so
that's an important word and you can't
just like in a world where we can't fat
shaming slut shame you can call racism
and sexism so quick races are the worst
thing in America me a bigot is the worst
thing maybe pedophilia but like that's
weird that you use that so quick you
don't even know the person well it's
crazy it's an easy weapon to use it's an
easy weapons and Dragons and you've got
a battle axe to throw yeah let it fly I
agree with this ain't D&D baby this is
this is life and people's people's
careers will get ruined because you want
to win an argument yeah ah it makes me
sick and I hate ya now I'm going on but
I hate these new it's all whitey by the
way I hate these people who get like
real evolved all the sudden and then
they gotta tell us about their
evolvement it's like yeah we knew that
shit already but we're not going on on
social media and having like a big
parade about how evolved you are
I already knew these people are
marginalized in that but just cuz you
found out now we got to hear your side
that's privileged yeah that's the
ultimate privilege like like these
documentaries about I have privilege you
can pay two million bucks to do the
documentary a whore what are you crazy
it's insane like do you think black
people are enjoying this they're going
oh this is fuckin embarrassing and whoa
whoa how come I don't get a show you
have the privilege again still it's so
entitled and narcissistic they can't
even see outside their own got God sorry
Thank You mark Normand yeah well that'll
get me camps I'm gonna bang the gavel
all right sir speaker you have four
minutes to respond I want good I want it
all work out I want everybody good job
and I'm all about the funny but you also
don't want anybody suffer sexism and
don't want a lot of clothes but you want
the best people to be chosen yeah I do
too and I think those things aren't
mutually exclusive I think it's possible
I pitched the show about having these
stand-ups and do this and P were like we
love it
here's a list of people we think you
should eat put on and I read the list I
was like these are all hack retards this
sucks
these people are all unfunny and I know
all of them you start going why why
would they want to use these people
they're talentless I've watched them I
do shows with them the industry sucks
the industry is a bunch of finance cunts
they're all just wearing a suit no you
know whatever but they're all wearing a
suit and then they're in the room they
don't know anything about comedy I know
about comedy I'm in though I'm in the
trenches I'm in the clubs they don't
know any about comedy but they're all in
a suit in a you know warehouse or a nice
building downtown and they go this is
what we should do so they look good they
look whoa core progressive but it's not
funny like I hate that and they all go I
love Pryor I love that guy I love Karlin
no you don't name me one bit you don't
know anything about comedy you're just
you're just at work you got a coffee
machine over here and you got a nice car
and you want to keep your gig and you
want to seem like you're on the
up-and-up and you want to seem like
you're you know evolved and in the on
the right side but you don't actually
care about funny but the problem is that
they're involved at all not anymore
but you don't need anymore really
they're irrelevant they've made
themselves more relevant with this kind
of thing korban they paint what they do
and then they don't suck your dick until
you're making money then they come a
night that you know I go hey will you uh
will you represent me they go blow me
douche and then I you start getting some
some it's like re already a TV show hey
everybody hated Ari
some people still do and mostly Nazis
but he he had a show and then he got
popular online so they go okay we'll
give it to you I'll give you this we'll
give you the show now and then now it's
a storytelling show that's still on with
the Roy Wood yeah by the way who I loved
but yeah so it's just like you don't
know anything stop telling me what's
funny oh do and I know it's funny that's
you know if they are going to work for a
company that is going to pay money
that's going to get involved in the
comedy business yeah there's gonna be a
bunch of people not comedy people that
are involved in the creation of comedy
and then their ego gets involved and
they want to change the suit and to this
do this to the background this and the
show is ruined yeah I mean Pat from the
Black Keys was talking about it last
night that you'd get these record
douches from yeah fresh out of college
and they would like want to change
something in the sound right and you
have this situation where you have this
non artistic person that's trying to
influence your art yeah put their greasy
little thumbprint it's strange
in the corner of your art but it's
normal when people give you money they
give you money for a product and yeah
they give you this and like they have a
job if you're an executive at one of
these you know networks your Comedy
Central and you know there's a show with
a bunch of stand-up so you're gonna just
let them do whatever the fuck they want
are you gonna give them some feedback
well they're gonna want to give you
feedback they're the ones who are like
we get to decide whether this gets green
literature and that's fair use their
platform but it is but they shouldn't be
there there's no reason for them to be
involved in the world of comedy like the
whole idea of the network is always
going to be hampered they're getting me
handicapped except financially they have
studios and production value and they
have like real directors or real
producers that they work with and they
have a history along he's making real
television show exactly which is
impressive and I don't have that they
don't have the sloppy shit yeah
you want people want the slop in that
live stand-up is a sloppy shit right and
podcast this is the sloppy shit right
this is what this is real human shit yes
not like polished up and edited
perfectly with the tide commercial shamp
shelved in the middle of it
yeah well sorry okay yeah before I get
inundated with tweets about how I'm in a
suit and I'm till I was this unfound
last night which is the top of the heap
of you know clean corporate whatever to
me I just people go why do you do these
late-night SATA and I go cuz I want to
see if I can pull it off you know let's
let me see if they give all the
restrictions if I could still do it you
know it's like yeah I'll go in the
Octagon but let's see if you can
bare-knuckle right and that's why I like
to do these late nights cuz I'm like all
right they're gonna tailor my act
they're gonna tweak it and turn it and
take this word out and fluff that word
off but if I can still kill with their
bullshit then I know I'm actually good
at this this is annoying though that
you're giving up your material for some
fucking stupid show that I mean what are
the numbers of people watching these
shows now it's all for me I don't do it
for the giving it up or who's watching
or whatever I just go I'm in 30 rock
there's a lot of history here it's the
loans on said you're T entertainers on
Jimmy Fallon's a comic I do it for the
tradition and it's fun it's a tightrope
you run that set for weeks and weeks and
you hone it and you tweak it and you get
an ending and opening and then you buy a
suit and you go out there and you knock
it out and you could flub on television
which is fucking terrifying and that's
why you do it you do for that mmm that
little moment in time where you're
you're on edge and it's great it's like
a high and that's why I do it how many
have you done that'll be 12 or 13 Wow
yeah I like old-school comic man you
like yeah like like the rich Jenny days
rich Jenny used to go on all the shows
he would hold a night show constantly
yeah prior to did Sullivan but then you
go to the bar he's talking about you
know blowing a dude you know and then to
me that's cool like he could do every
you could do Muay Thai and Jiu Jitsu
yeah and I like that I don't want to
wear a suit but you know I went out last
night and I slept in but yeah it's fun
it's fun like alright let me go in your
arena and kick some ass and then I'll go
back to the club hmm ya know that makes
sense
have you ever thought about I mean you
don't need it but you could you could do
it for you would be
interesting my time constraints are not
gonna lie I like tight tight short jokes
yeah yeah my bits are more stories that
lead into other fucked up stories that I
can't tell the third story until you've
heard the first two stories cuz you know
you have to know how I fuck around about
things I don't want you to think right
away that I'm really serious about there
are things that I'm saying like you got
to know that I'll say things that don't
agree with ya that's cuz I think it's
fine then I'll say I don't even agree
with that like I and also I don't have
enough time to just work on a 5-minute
set like when I'm working I'm doing I'm
trying to do my act ya know and for me a
lot of bits or five minutes sure the
whole do one that'd be cool seven
minutes maybe do one bit and it's not
about giving it away you could write
another five that's not what it is just
I don't I don't appreciate the media
challenge yeah I understand it is a
challenge but I don't appreciate the
medium it's not me wait for us no for me
stand up is you know you're making
people laugh in a nightclub setting
everything else is an advertisement for
that sure of the podcast is obviously a
totally different thing but when I'm
doing anything else I'm doing if I'm if
I was doing a TV show in the past it was
basically an advertisement to come see
me in the clubs yes that's what I care
about I am the same way and the money
yeah
take the money but the real thing was
like if I had to choose between one of
the two we talking about there's no this
is not a competition ya can't beat stand
up stand up the greatest thing the
world's ever known if you're a comic and
you're murdering no one is ever gonna
understand what that feels like when you
are killing nothing like audience is
dying laughing and you you get out of
there the high is so insane and their
high is so insane it's so much fun to
make people feel good it's amazing I
feel bad for people who can't kill I do
I know life and they're never
experiencing what we experience all the
time and then they turn it on the art
form they go this this sucks it's not
fair people are mean and whatever that's
nonsense yeah you gotta figure it out I
say that when people have excuses for
why they're not doing better or excuses
for what people are doing well you're
looking at you at the wrong way you're
wasting that bandwidth you're wasting
that bandwidth whether well who gives a
fuck why Justin Bieber's
dai he figured it out and wasting that
bandwidth don't worry about that worry
about yourself
I completely agree only a certain amount
of time for you to think about things I
know hey yeah we're all gonna die one
day folks but it's even the amount of
time you have in a day to accomplish
what you want to do I don't understand
people that have extra time yeah and a
bunch of time that they can stick on
shit that's nonsense and useless and
that's gonna take up most your day yeah
nonsense useless opinions like why I
know what you mean you know when you
wake up kind of early and you didn't get
enough sleep but you just say fuck it
and you get up and then you do it you
get a ton of shit done that day there's
nothing better yeah nothing better
discipline discipline so and I used to
go let me lay here and try to sleep now
I lost three hours doing that I should
have gotten up cuz I don't get to sleep
anyway yeah so I'm with you on all that
but again with the late nights I happen
nobody you forget you're you're nice
enough to have me here and in the the
booze and the cars and everything but I
got so I got no draw or whatever I I'm
still doing the the the B rooms I'm
doing the funny bones I can't sell a
ticket so like I first of all have to
make strangers laugh still I don't have
fans which is a real that's all I want
to do but I got I can't fill a room I
can't fill a weekend but these cut these
late nights if you put 12 together
that's what 60 minutes that's a special
so people kind of get a little YouTube
clip of me that I think the YouTube
clips and the Instagram clips and
everything like that is what's gonna
help you yeah they go a long way yeah
that's gonna help you're a rock solid
stand-up man really good comics all I
can do it's all I care about I work hard
really hard at it yeah I appreciate that
that's that means a lot to me the things
of the the art form it's it's amazing
and I do my best to try to encourage
people to go out and see it and yeah
right but how come you get it and then
it's funny that you're not industry I
mean I know you're a comic see you're in
the mix but how come they can't I know
they're not man they're not comics yeah
how many is one of those things that you
can be a comedy fan you understand
appreciate it and never want to do
stand-up yourself but you got to be in
it you know you got to get it you got to
get in there deep yeah and look at it
from the perspective as a fan but as a
comic man I mean I've had this
conversation too many times but there's
not that man
there's maybe a thousand of us in the
country that are worth a fuck yeah a
little s it may be less and it might be
and now the ones that are like really
doing well and headlining at clubs and
all over the country what is there to
5,100 fray out of it okay well how many
of them will sell out theaters is maybe
a hundred yeah how many are doing arenas
this is like ten right there's not that
many of us there's a tiny amount of us
it's fucking small at 320 million people
I love that it's small it's very big
that's we're in a secret union Club
thing is fucking great and the real ones
will do anything for you I know I know
but the backlash against comics now is
it these weird these two sides you have
to be on I don't get it I can like this
guy and that guy or this lady and this
horrible the offensive dirtbag and this
low-key progressive clean left Iike I
like them both yeah why can't I like
like why don't you pick these sides and
people just people I'm sure there's
people listening now going oh he's one
of them he's I'm done with him no no why
I'm a good egg yeah don't forget that
I'm a good guy I just like jokes I like
shit humor I like slurs I think they're
funny
I'm sorry blow me suck my ass shit my
face I don't care I like it I my opener
is a black guy Chris Allen and he's like
we just sit and shit on black and white
all day I'll just call him a horrible
n-word he'll call me a white devil and
slavery and I make we're buddies when we
love it he's got me in a headlock and
and if anybody saw that I would go
straight to you know cancel you know
yeah I would go straight to jail I'm
like you don't know our relationship
we're friends we do the road together
we're like we're in the trenches we're
like in World War two we're out doing
shitty rooms and we love each other but
if anybody saw that I'd go to hell
because you're having fun yeah yeah
we're having fun we love it right and we
find it fun you're saying things in
every one day they say are forbidden
you're having fun but in their eyes you
are not allowed to have that fun it must
be forbidden one thing that we don't see
we don't do that with anything else like
you just round about me and my third
daughter saying oh I thought she's dead
but just to me I would if you were in a
meeting with a guy
said that he would fucking shit his
pants maybe maybe most of the time
people get very angry at you but here's
the thing they're loud they go you're a
bad person I go no I'm not I just made
the joke can you call me a bet I'm not
I know mean more than you know me I
would have talked you out of saying the
things about the coke and the guy
cheating on his wife at the corporate
gig Otis said listen that guy is the
same kind of guy you know oh I see what
you're saying yeah well maybe I'm just
saying just because you find it
offensive doesn't mean I'm a bad person
or I did anything wrong or and Jim
Norton had that great point it's like
we're obsessed with this movie about a
clown who eats kids that's like the
biggest movie on the in the country and
then we love Ted Bundy we love all that
Sirit true crime is the biggest thing
this really happened and yet jokes they
really sting people for some reason well
one of the things is that we argue with
them it's very difficult to get it to
argue back with you that's why Joe he is
fine he's not you can't shut down Joey
deals you can't he's too strong
interest he's Chernobyl they can't know
what the fuck to do they just get out of
there yeah but with someone like you if
you respond like they can go after you
like it doesn't have a fucking Instagram
page where he's gonna like answers
comments hey fuck you no homo
I wear a clown outfit that's how I trick
kids I don't like I'm not wearing makeup
because I'm a girl I like getting
trapped in right Ewan I mean but they go
it's not real well neither is my act
it's warm its but how many times you
seen someone especially comics like get
into it with fans online and going back
and forth with people and people checked
on them and their show it's an ugly look
yeah it's not good rarely works let's
take right it's bad but it takes a while
for comics to realize I shouldn't engage
with people yeah but a lot of people
never learned that right yeah yeah so
they're there they're there as targets
now if you're a person and you're bored
and you're 15 and you're going to school
somewhere and your stepdads a piece of
shit your mom's dumb and she's on pills
and you're stuck what you got an
internet account and all sudden mark
Normand this fucking con thinks she's
funny
fuck you mark Normand and they say
something shitty like
q your mom's getting fucked right now by
some meth-head you're like goddamn he's
right my mom is getting fucked by a
method yeah like you're getting involved
with this because you're an accessible
target right he tweets the guy who made
the Godzilla movie that guy's not gonna
tweet back at him rapid economic might
yeah yeah we're accessible and it's also
good when you write articles because
it's a polarizing and polemic topic
exactly and when you write articles it's
a good thing to write articles about
someone's jokes being problematic and
cancel culture yeah but thank god
there's guys like Bill Baer out there
that are still swinging and Chappelle
still swinging big names that are still
doing comedy exactly the way they always
did it exactly and for anybody and
people go all these these men or
whatever wanna like be assholes onstage
and they think they can say whatever
they want in the name of comedy no no we
don't think we're anything we're not
politicians we're just doing what do we
think it's funny that's all it is they
don't get that it's all in the umbrella
of comedy and they go well maybe it's
just hate speech but you call it comedy
well maybe it is but this but it's funny
to me then it's comedy then it's comedy
it's just comedy you can't just decide
it's not good because it's hate speech
right right because your hate your
definition of hate speech is not life if
you you call you know some guy some
terrible name in your act because you're
pretending to be a racist grandfather
right it doesn't mean you're can't
exactly you don't know how I feel well
you're do you're putting that sometimes
you're doing bits and this is how the
best way to describe that bit that's
gonna make people laugh yeah why you do
it that way exactly I'm doing it that
way to hurt people's feelings and just
like spicy food we're the chef we like
it this way this is how we make it I'm
sorry you don't like it just don't eat
it the restaurant and I would argue and
this is this is a bold one but I noticed
that the shittier the guy on stage like
the jazel neck like the mean dark say
the real dark shit those are usually the
best guys or girls have you noticed that
there are a lot of in real life they're
good eggs and nice people and giving and
heartwarming and then these super like
activist t-they we got to make this ride
and this guy but those are you meet them
in real life you go you're you're evil
you're kind of evil and me look at Cosby
yeah look at that clean as a whistle
America's dad
sizing yeah people what to do yeah I
mean every time it's a smelt it dealt it
every time they somebody you know calls
out a guy for being offensive they start
looking through his shit and then you
going oh this guy hates Malaysians or
whatever the hell well you know that's
every time that story about the guy who
outed chain yeah Gillis yeah Gillis he
the guy who out of him deleted six
thousand eight we go we're all flawed
folks a night before he released it
suppose that true was I've been proven
yes he deleted thousands I know but then
they go well that was ten years ago okay
well maybe this is Shane's ten years ago
let him evolve how about that you know
they go that's old so what so what so
Trudeau is the trio was like the best
guy ever he was the high height of the
mountain
everybody loved Trudeau feminists yes
and then we found at the blackface thing
is this we do we lose all of that that
worth that he gained or is it right do
we let him slide but not Shay I don't
get it like this constancy that's a very
good point thank you I have a point
that's a very good point I don't get
that like this you they should be
canceled right I'm stupid shit that he
did we was young and dumb exactly it was
hilarious though when he said he didn't
know how many times he wore black face
they said how many times you were booked
is the couple extra ones came out and
then he's like I don't remember how many
times like what was that yeah that was
his thing I know right thing also I like
how they called it black and brown fish
I gotta have diversity even with the
Arabian Nights polish oh he did fucking
well that's okay turban on and
everything the whole deal that's less
bad because there's no like mammy
you know minstrel that's I thought the
history of the minstrel was the whole
problem with it no but now we've we've
perverted that it's become any shade of
self-tanning that's right if you're
fucking getting spray-painted you know
you get in spray tans you've basically
used in blackface that's appropriation
well we had at me and Brendan Schaub had
like one of the most hilarious fucking
conversations we ever had was about
chocolate face what's that well
bodybuilders that bodybuilders when they
would when do competition they do
chocolate body
they also do chocolate face like they
make themselves brown with self-tanning
I'm like that guy is wearing blackface
yeah I'm like how is this different than
blackface and then we found out that
some people are sensitive to it so they
only tan from the neck down
and chocolate bodies like she oh my God
look at that how fucking strange Wow
that's cookie do that weird I think it
looks like an it Photoshop dude it's so
crazy because they used to do their face
to for continuity but they can't do that
anymore because the outrage over
blackface oh it's gotta be a bummer with
the dong you know some white sighs dawn
with that it's so crazy it's really
weird look at that see that guy's got
black face Wow we went into this crazy
rant about it and then it became like
probably one of the most viral videos
that we ever did yeah look at that yeah
that's it right there a disc why would
you want me that's a little dark right I
mean see the lines in the definition
when on the big screen with the lights
on you I think that shows your muscles
but okay yeah that's why they do it they
really they're painting themselves
uh-huh painting themselves like a dye
and it gets in the skin and it shows all
the muscles out and shows highlights and
contrasts and everything Wow he's had
another point now I lost it this it's
funny how now everybody's getting on
board with Bill burr you know like all
these certain comics who used to hate
him like that special was great it was
very thoughtful I liked and you're like
yeah but member when he was working it
out you hated him you know let the guy
let up people work it out yes you know
like let's not be so quick to hate the
people who are all about open-mindedness
and inclusion are so quick to shut
people how it ironically well most of
them are bad they seem bad yeah because
there's not a lot of them that are
really good like really sharp and really
funny yeah do you really care about that
group or do you just want us to think
you care about that group what are you
doing for them they're struggling and
they're probably thinking they're doing
the right thing they might have even
tricked themselves but if you really
know what comedy is you know that people
fuck around on stage to try to find a
way to say I've said things the wrong
way all on say and said things in a way
that it used to be funny and now it's
offensive like oh you fucking idiot you
ruined the funny part of it by trying to
make it more edgy and this
direction now people just think you're
mean or now people just think you're
ignorant right you're trying things and
you come back six months later that bit
might be murdering I might figure out
but just put it on YouTube like they did
with Louis and then like when when all
those commas were getting pissed at him
for that uh that parkland shooting thing
like yeah pushing some just because you
push some fat kid in front of the way
I'm like look if you were in that
audience that is a fucked up thing to
say and it's funny and it went national
there's no way he would have ever
released that bit in that form now why
not ready right wasn't ready but he
might have found a way to get you to
laugh at it I guarantee you what if I
guarantee you yeah he was good I mean he
had a bit about 9/11 he's like I jerked
off you can tell how good of a person
you are but when you jerk off how soon
and he's like for me was between the two
towers falling that's great I just yes
why is it that you're allowed to shit on
my taste because like let's say you were
like my great-grandfather was in the
Holocaust so now uh that's not real
obviously I'm that's a joke right but
people go that is horrible you would say
it's not real like oh you a fucking
idiot
I'm Jackee if I could queef you could
say that dari his father was a Holocaust
was a gross dumb Hebe look what do you
want you equates that Joe why are you
laughing I know he's my friend Dina
vanakkam promoting hate speech it's not
the first time I just find that stuff
funny and I have no I love the Jews you
know it was best I find everything funny
is that funny if it's funny if it's
funny if it's funny yeah this is the
last outpost the last outpost in the war
on speech is what's what you're what are
you allowed to joke about yeah yeah I
don't know why I guess cuz there's a lot
of truth in comedy there is a lot of
truth in comedy it's like what we said
earlier it's like sometimes it seems
like that's what you're really saying
cuz that's what it seems like you're
just saying something cuz everybody
could just say things yeah you can say
things I can think that doesn't do
comedy can string the other sentences
the way we're doing right now yeah so
but when you're on stage and you're
saying things it seems real simple it
seems like you're just saying shit and
then I already say shit so I don't I
don't agree with what he's saying yeah
oh I have a forum look at this I've got
a thing called Instagram right thing
called Twitter and I'm gonna say shit to
him about the shit that he said and then
you're gonna go hey I don't like when
they say shit about the shit I say
and then it piles on yeah I'm just like
and then people go hey stand-ups under
attack
no morons have more of an ability to
reach you now but but people who have
always been offended by jokes that angry
chance to express themselves but a lot
of these people are morons they're well
educated people I knew starting out and
stand-up I go as a smart lady or smart
guy like this is a well-educated person
it's almost it's it's more than moron it
there's like a kool-aid thing happening
here with like oh that's there's a
little thing going on with like these
people are almost a brainwash II but
this I'm like a reality is kind of gone
a little bit they're also they're almost
the wraps so wrapped up in their own
horseshit that it's I don't know it's
like taking over and then they do
certainly a little bit of the compliance
thing yeah and they build up from
talking to each other like it reinforces
it and they kind of get more more juiced
up and go fuck this is real hey and then
you put the the feel goodness factor on
top of it like I'm a good egg I'm a good
person and in this society now of
rewarding people who will shut you down
for like if people want to call out a
racist guy not because they hate racism
so much but because they know how many
points it will score him I feel like
there's definitely that I do think
that's and I feel like you know you know
when you go like to Italy so people
actually trying to call up racist please
do the thing it's like more homophobia
it's all bad obviously there's all kinds
of things happen in all at once the
whelming each other lounging at scale
that's what you're dealing with you know
if you have a million Twitter followers
like good luck you can't possible that's
too much coming at you the core is you
got to know what you are yes you have to
have a good group of humans around you -
yeah you know there's a lot of different
factors that are gonna be at play if you
want to try to get through these fucking
tuna Nets yeah you know because if you
get caught up in any bullshit you'll
you'll I mean there's more bullshit for
comics to think about now than ever
before
response from people but there's also
more avenues for you to put your shit
out right I mean you can just look at
what Schulz has done and Herschel's just
put his fucking special on YouTube yeah
and he went from doing pretty good in
clubs to selling out in theaters and
doing
chosen a night unbeliever in it murderin
right so this is this is something no
that never existed before
yeah but he found it he figured out how
to use it properly and now you like oh I
don't even need those cunts over at this
network they were telling me to wear the
purple suit because it's funnier and I
like your pants are too short I just
think it fits them yeah I think the pant
assure parents is just when I see them
yeah mark Normand short pants you're
right and we're so insecure and weak
there we go maybe they're right
right this person has a house or even
better you like this fucking moron is
telling me to wear short pants I can't
believe I have to take advice from this
do that to you do the N do if you want
to get that Chopin exactly nonsense
chaos this is just too much it's too
much but there's still enough of us but
it's still enough like real comics out
there yeah yeah number there's a good
number of real comics the thing about
this this Shane guy and this this this
shit that happened to him it's like what
they're doing is this unplanned shooting
the shit conversation you know and
they're they're from that legion escape
sort of environment when everybody is
constantly offensive and rewarded for it
yeah that's funny and people enjoy that
kind of just mean you know shit talking
yeah and especially in this day and age
where things are very PC it's fun to say
it it gets a little rise out of yes so
what you people did was they took a clip
of that and then it was like well we
can't have this at the network well like
as if that is everything that guy is I'm
sure now everybody says that guy's a
good comic he's a good comic I haven't
seen him yeah but it's a universally
everybody says he's a good comic I've
he's open for me and he's tough he's
better off this way you know probably
for sure yeah look apologize for that
you know he already did you know he said
he'd missed you know it takes chances he
misses yeah well you don't know that a
million people gonna listen to that it
wasn't a great clip but again you don't
know who he is the problem gotta stop
calling people erase it that's the worst
thing a bigot in America is the worst
thing you can be
I don't know anymore I don't know it's
rapists I here's a fun story I hooked up
with a girl on tinder years ago and we
were
in bed after the sex and and she goes I
gotta tell your photo you look like a
serial killer and I was like Jesus I was
like I and your photo you look easy and
she flipped I'm like hers was worse but
that's where we're at in our society you
said I look like I'm murder multiple
people I'm saying who look easy but I
guess the problem is she was easy I
wasn't a serial killer but I and again
girls get all mad about that joke but
I'm not I have nothing it's easy
I like sluts I think you just
slut-shamed I am I was a slut myself I
love a good what do you call it good who
go promiscuous it up
I say yeah that's also another weird
thing like whenever guys like yeah I
fucked a bunch of chicks women go oh
jeez like why are you slut-shaming now
why isn't he allowed to go fuck a bunch
of people I don't but no one celebrates
of a girl fucks a bunch of guys if a
girl's like how was your weekend I
fucked ten different guys I don't even
know I'm let them all come inside me
uh-huh
Carla be like what the fuck is wrong
with you but uh interesting if your
buddy said you fucked ten gals you like
whoa but you're saying to it you say
even women go that's weird
exactly yeah yeah interesting yeah women
get mad if they find out their friends
had like foursomes yeah that is weird
well where's the love yeah it's the same
with fat people we all talk about big is
beautiful but then every gal goes to the
gym and you're like who I thought was
beautiful which one is this don't want
you to feel bad sweetie because I got
some spectrum II shit where if you tell
me one thing I'll believe it so III
you're just lying to me now yes the just
lyin okay that's not anything you don't
need to lose anything sweetie you're
amazing your body's amazing yeah because
she's got a fucking jug of Mountain Dew
sitting next to her in a car she's not
happy
yeah nonsense this is not amazing this
is a person that's eating themselves to
death yeah it's very unhealthy and then
how long do we outlaw mirrors that's
common mirrors are terrible yeah cuz I
need to do is just have a snapchat
filter yeah we don't like truth truth is
out we imagine if augmented reality
changed your shape imagine if I put one
of those new Google glasses augmented
reality glasses on and you looked like
one of those bodybuilders with the white
face and the chocolate body but you were
jacked and ripped it
I took the shirt this the the glasses
off you look a normal guy right but on
them you know you could have the
sensation that you're with someone who's
incredibly attractive yeah you can have
sex with them and never see their real
body that's a common yeah for sure
that'll be here and then people get
surgery to just keep the glasses on they
won't want to take them off so I'm in
too hard I realize the fun part is
working on your body it's like getting
in there and fixing stuff and eating
better and it's hard and you discipline
yourself and you make it work and you
turn down the ice cream and you get the
kale you feel better that's what life's
all about
yeah but you're talking about discipline
yeah I wanna hear that shit they would
rather just you be celebrated for who
you are you're amazing everything is
amazing there was a guy who got real
unhappy who's a writer for Vox he's kind
of a whiny dude anyway but that was his
stick but he fucked up and he's a gay
guy and he said that we should stop
looking at these gay thirst trap pages
with all these guys that have these
unattainable bodies in these unrealistic
perhaps in the gay folk when had him
with the Fuhrer good good for them they
fucking they were furious but they liked
like that that like the idea of
realistic body types of the gay
community those guys are not trying out
young wild gay dudes just DTF they don't
wanna hear your fucking mouth
exactly and that's the beauty as a
straight white guy you know I'm the
devil but you can't really say much I
feel like if you're gay you got a little
juice you know because I hey I'm gay I'm
a gay man I'm a minority I'm a
victimized so you can be like fuck you
we're doing it this way don't try to
tell us how to live and it seems like
empowering but if you do it it seems
kind of rally clan Z yes little
charlottesville e yeah you're like I
just want to live too you know don't
hurt me yeah I don't know it's I love
the gays it's a fun time for great
comedy mm-hmm that's what I think it's a
great time for great comedy yes people
are so happy when you make a point and
it's kind of offensive but it's also
hilarious and they have to agree with
what you're saying because you there's
actually logic to what you're saying
right that is for whatever reason that
just
turns people's uh engines yeah and
especially now if you can weave through
because I still have to perform for
people who don't know who I am and I got
a you got a weave through that offensive
blog and get to the pine still gonna
laugh looks like you went under like the
chicken wire on your elbows you got
there and the bombs are going off around
me that punch yeah that's a good feeling
yes that's a great feeling it's like a
puzzle you nailed it yeah it just makes
it a little bit more difficult and when
people who try to do sloppy and clunky
and you know sometimes they're doing it
because the the bits in progress like
Louie I think that's where Louie's thing
was it was just in in the progress in
the process rather of being created but
when you let someone figure out how to
navigate those hurdles
sometimes you all of us will get a great
reward yeah you know like you know like
a great Chris Rock bit or you know a
great Bill burr bit that took a while to
work out yeah these bits take a while to
figure out where the juice in him is and
it's a shame to get those out there
before the juice gets you know it really
is criminal well it's a real fuckup
because you know bits take a long time
you know Chris rocks bit about and words
yes yes that's it he said took like a
year to work I believe it it's long and
it's heavy it's heavy and you said
people were mad at him when he first
started doing like wasn't doing well
yeah but he figured out a way to just
cut it down to this perfect form this
just polished the diamond the point
where it's now like one of the most
iconic bits of all time amazing but as a
guy who grew up in a predominantly black
neighborhood that bit hit home that was
huge some murderous bit unbelievable
poignant it's hilarious it's great tight
as hell so many times yeah well it made
him and but it was also undeniable like
the shit that he was saying in the bit
was so undeniable was so well-made yeah
you know but that guy took a long time
and I imagine if somebody released that
when there was a crowd that was mad at
him yeah maybe they did it today and it
was one of the times where he's first
trying it out and you know someone
releases it like he can't that's not you
know it's it's comedy is this long
process you can go watch it happen one
of the cool things about the stores
you'll get people that come back
multiple times and they'll say yeah I
saw you do this bit five months ago
so much better oh that's amazing five
months ago kind of sucked a little yes
you were there that's the flaw of our
art form and I hate to keep called an
art form does that sound like a
pretentious leaf as long as it's an edgy
art form but you need people to work it
out so they see the shit yeah you know
it would be nice if you could go tinker
in a lab and go I got it Eureka but now
you got a slaw get out in front of these
fucking fat white idiots I don't know
anybody who is capable of writing all
their material perfect it's tough crowd
page to stay a friend of my Sam Morril
is like a joke technician beast and
he'll text me shit I'm like that's
amazing and he'll just go right up and
do it but it's tough man it takes I like
to play around with on stage because you
never know where it could go and then
you find a new thing because the Audion
the laughter helps you go a certain
direction so I think a fan half is good
yeah it's it's also different styles too
you know like I think like a guy like
Hedberg yeah that's a completely unique
style and he used to write a lot
apparently yeah it a lot of material
friend of mine opened for him two things
he said he showed up he was sleeping on
a couch probably like a heroin high and
he just goes hi I'm Neal and the guy
goes best job in the world and fell back
asleep and then - he said he would put
pages out on the front of the stage and
from the microphone and it was all like
a new bit like notecards and so he would
go joke joke joke then he would try a
new one and then he would go okay put
joke one of the note card didn't work
and he just did that all night cuz you
know short jokes you have to have a lot
of them oh yeah so yeah I would imagine
like when did special wonder if we had
those note cards out on the stage non
sequiturs yeah that's true and he's on
heroin he's not really how the fuck do
you remember all the bits
yeah heroin did you know you probably
knew all these heroin guys cuz I know
him a little Stanhope was closer to him
he was I'd work with him before at the
comic store I knew him a little I was
always a giant fan though always yeah I
loved his he's one of my favorite things
to listen to when I would go to the
airport because I would go to the
airport and it would be like traffic
socks and it's just like but he was so
silly it would
it all into perspective I just be
laughing at silly nonce and like yeah
right and so it was like a good thing to
listen to for me right I was associated
with going to the interesting well it's
funny because I always use people go you
know when you do a joke that's offensive
they go you think racism is funny yeah
if it said the right way you know it's
like I don't think rice is funny but
when Hedberg goes rice is great when
you're hungry for mm of something genius
so rice isn't funny but you make it
funny it's the same with racism of the
Holocaust or miscarriages or whatever
you make it funny that's what jokes are
well this is a time of compliance and
this is one of the things that we've
been talking about its compliance its
people want you to comply they decide
that this is a new day and you're gonna
have to change your way Oh boohoo
comedians you can't say what you want
anymore yeah their consequence the tough
shit not good they say that because
they're not comics they don't care not
they tank your career stop you from
telling jokes they don't care they want
compliance where they want compliance
over at fucking Google they want
compliance over the Chevy dealership
then what compliance right what with it
what is happening now as a trend of
compliance and some of its gussied up in
the social justice warrior ethic and
some people are sincere some people
really trying to help and all those
things exist at the same time because
there's always been people that are
trying to get people to listen to them
and do that what they want and you know
we've always had friends that decide
they're gonna dominate where we go
what's that going it's the best fucking
movie trust me come on all of us we're
going like oh great we gotta go to
Mike's movie all right that's what
happened people always wanted to tell
people what to do yes is a version of
that along with there's a motive like
well wouldn't it be better if there's no
racism yes what's the best way demand
inclusion right and women be hired
everywhere demand every board has a
woman on it every year so this is the
way they're going and but it's not
that's not the right way either yeah the
right way is to never keep someone from
the position because they're a woman yes
but it's not to hire a woman if they
suck yeah because there's right there
and he's great and I'm assuming that
that's the gate it's also not the hire
the man because he said we need we're
after some men no no
just hire the best I agree with the
women also you want to pepper in that
the media is a bunch of coozes who just
come in and go oh we gotta fucking just
a sizzle of a scandal yeah throw it out
there yeah but it might ruin the guy's
name career and life who cares put it
out there what might get one click from
Bed Bath & Beyond it's worth it his
whole name is tarnished but hey we might
get some ad money from Ray Ban throw it
on but this is the clique world you know
I mean these people are starving to
death these journalists they have to get
clickbait t titles they have to have
clickbait t stories yeah don't no one's
clicking and god forbid you work for
someplace that's got a subscription
model New York Times and you know you
can like read a chapter yeah it's like
if you would like to read more please
subscribe give you a taste like a crack
dealer yeah yes I subscribe to a lot of
them but I almost reluctantly click
through with my life cuz I'm like what
are you doing to me here yeah I already
subscribe and you hit me with this gross
Ness right but how do they sleep at
night
they have to that's the only way to
survive knowing just so look there's so
many free pages and there's so many
air-quote journalists yeah and then
they're just fucking kids fresh out of
college I suck at journalism but they
got a job writing for a website because
they submitted something in the editor
liked it and the editor might be a
fuckin moron
yeah and they are wrapped up in this
world of social justice warrior ethic
and this is the trend of the youth but
here's the they all think that they're
helping things yeah look we all want
equality we want progress they don't
realize that we want that we're just
evil men to them I which is so gross but
they don't realize that that's gonna
come for them yes it's gonna and it's
not pretty and then you're gonna go
Jesus Christ how this happened it's
gonna happen like that monster there you
go monster yeah no one's standing up
like there's the real problem is
stopping the real issues whether it's
sexism or homophobia the real homophobia
like people like chanting all fags go to
hell
that's real homophobic that's Morial
it's not this perceived thing because
you don't think that it's the best idea
for trans men to use a child's girl's
bathroom right you know what I mean like
what are we doing here no we're all
together everyone all genders yeah
they're nonspecific enormous bathrooms
with giant men with dresses on shitting
right next to little girls right you
know why your father waits outside like
what do you what is this with you and it
stunts progress cuz you know you might
say a fact like that you just read off
google you know you read off the census
or whatever excuse me and it says like
the dropout rate with black children is
through the roof or whatever and then
you say that people go whoa whoa you're
racist you're like well maybe if we work
on that we can solve this problem and
help it or you know like I thought you
cared about this group like let's try to
you know it's like if we had a leaky
pipe and you're like we got to fix that
but whoa whoa what do you hate pipes no
I'm trying to let's work on it
let's help yeah isn't that the whole
point but if you call somebody these
horrible things then the media picks up
on that one little headline that one
tweet and now you're fucked yeah so you
can't do anything now use that fuck I
won't even leave the house or tweet or
say anything well this is a fairly new
thing right the world of clickbait
articles online and I think it's kind of
probably morph into something else yeah
we'd probably even see that coming
I guess that's what I'm thinking I feel
like we're just gonna go into two two
camps what some of those I'm okay j-mo
is gonna touch it they can't get to high
enough he can eat at like a thousand
milligram anibal's and it barely affects
them I'm a shroom guy gets ya enjoy oh I
love a shroom that's my favorite drug
it's pretty goddamn good drug I mean no
hangover it's five hours yeah you feel
good you think some good shit it's
almost like clearing the trash yeah yeah
like a defragging of the hard drive yes
yes see you see some shit clearly you
laugh it's almost you can't live like
that because you just stare at that
knife and go alright that knife was made
in Taiwan some guy he had a life he had
a wife he had kids he was molested like
he just keep going back to
on the night you know and then if you do
that with everything in the fucking room
Jaime's gay then you go off into that
world never move you never move that's
true yeah well you go too far and then
you like what's the point I am one of
everything I'm a part of a molecule
exact molecule combines with all other
molecules around it right Sam that's why
I love Neil deGrasse I could just listen
to that guy because he makes science
accessible I'm like oh he's alright he
took a sip of water that water had a
molecule in it from Abraham Lincoln who
fucked the kid and that kid you know
rode a donkey down a hill and Abraham
loose and fucked any kids bro he's freed
the slaves at top and seven-year-old to
go I find this really hard to hear sorry
so yeah I like horrific jokes I do to
men but I broast battles one of the rare
places still left yeah where they can go
hard in the paint right right I love
that and then they hug afterwards yeah
that's like part of that part of the
show like you know Moses sets up the
rules when he gets on stage and he says
when it's over the no no no physical
nobody gets physical no pushin no shovin
no hitting
yeah but afterwards everybody hugs I
love it I've seen that there's like a
handicapped kid who gets fucking
brutally shit on and then he'll shit on
someone else with like and it's funny
cuz it you go we talked about
slut-shaming fat shaming you go down to
the core again and those are all the
jokes no no you fuck black guys your
fetish shit you're a whore you're you're
secretly gay your mom fucks everybody
like it all comes back to those old you
know those old things we pretend like oh
this doesn't matter you can do whatever
you want but yeah when it comes to
insults it all goes back to that hard
shit it's part of being a person yeah
and this this this is utopia they're
chasing if they ever achieved it it
would be the most boring fucking place
on earth yes not that we shouldn't work
towards utopia because that's ultimately
gonna make reality better I agreed and
it is better already
yeah it's definitely better and that's
another thing that people don't like to
hear you know there is racism sexism
murder and rape and crime all over the
world it is a fucking way better place
to live today than it's ever been in
history oh yeah we're
like that about it you and I and
everybody listening to this we're all
lucky that we're live this time this is
the time where you don't have to worry
about you know invading hordes of
Mongols coming over the hills and swords
and fucking bows and arrows you have to
worry about you don't have to worry
about most things that people lived in
fear of in terms of disease and injury
most of that stuff that can fix yeah
they can diagnose things now people live
way longer now there's nutrition and
health it's way more things to do and
listen to oh yeah I think about if
nobody was smart enough to invent a
plane or the internet or course we'd be
fucked there's more geniuses now than
ever in history yes this is a wonderful
time
yeah with there's a few problems but
there's also a bunch of whining cunts
who fuck up everything because all they
do is constantly complain and they make
you miss the beauty of this what did I
say the better things are the more
people complain it's the rich lady at
the nice restaurant with the lukewarm
champagne it's also people that are in
this coat there's a cultural trend the
cultural trend is like complaining and
activism and they think the gentlest
should be activists right they should be
promoting the ideology that they
subscribe to and I mean this is what's
also leading to a lot of this censoring
people on social media and you know
indie platforming people all that stuff
comes from the same sort of idea that
you're gonna you're socially engineering
the world instead of subscribing to the
First Amendment to freedom of speech so
we can all work out who should be able
to who's right and who's wrong yeah when
you soon as you say that someone can't
talk then you don't allow this working
out process you just decided that you're
the dictator right right so if you've
got this character of compliance where
everybody is almost shamed and bullied
into believing one thing and pushed into
this direction mm-hmm and especially
when the vast majority of tech is
controlled at least socially by people
that subscribe to very progressive ideas
and very liberal ideas and that's also a
part of the culture of the people that
are going to the universities and those
people that are getting the jobs at
Google right right so it's all this self
fuelling thing yeah
yeah and I'm a liberal cock douche twat
loser but I feel like there's some you
gotta have some common sense here you
got to stay like out of the out of that
weird fog that everybody gets in and
then the brainwashing happens and they
all start blowing each other and it's
it's chaos
yeah you gotta you gotta stay out of the
weeds yeah and even that end Andrew yang
guy like talking about getting people to
stop beating me like that hey no yeah
come on stop you can't that's what I
liked about him he was analytical he was
just let's fix this problem that's that
it's broken he probably believes that
that's key to making the world a better
place I think there's a lot of people
that would argue against that I think if
he sat down with those people and had a
debate I don't think he'd do well you
know yeah I think I think if someone who
could explain the nutrition require like
really explain based an act like Chris
crecer guy based on actual science
someone like Rhonda Patrick no one
you're not gonna stop people from eating
beef just stop yeah that's not smart
it's not wise you're gonna put all these
ranchers out of business and to say you
don't have any jobs are on the line you
understand how many people love steak
and wouldn't have a problem if you do if
you don't kill the cow tell me what
happens they live forever what happens
they become fairies happens or do they
let them free they get taken out by
bears and mountain lions in your
backyard so we rise of predators when we
just let them breathe everywhere sting
and then every time you're trying to
drive to the store a bull comes and
smashes into the side of your fucking
car because it's got a hard-on right
because that would happen we're gonna
let him roam free yeah column you're
gonna give me birth control what are you
gonna do what do you do at this point
well we just eat him responsibly and
ethically how about that how about we
feed him grass it's real healthy food
and if you believe a life is life just
one life is worth a life well you're
responsible for way more death because
you're responsible for birds and bugs
and ground nesting birds and fucking
rodents and anything that gets chopped
bunnies they get chopped up in those
combines farm lands that displace wild
animals left and right they put fucking
pesticides into the ground there's a lot
of fucking chemicals that get released
into the ground even look what you would
call like organic agriculture like
you're still using machines you're still
there's a lot of bad shit that happens
to
the world it's also funny how like these
people love animals so much and yet if
you watch like an animal planet animals
are the most vicious cruel evil
survivalist they're just get out of my
way I want to save my family or eat
dinner but they're right about factory
farming they're right about the
repulsive feeling that you get when you
look at animals they're stuffed into
these pens and these inhumane conditions
they're right about that they're not
right about farms though they're not
right about sustainable farms like Joel
Salatin he's the guy that has this place
called Polyface farms where they talked
about large-scale natural agriculture
and raising animals in the environment
they're supposed to be in like leaves
pigs they move around a fence so they
create a fence of these pigs and then
they move the fence to another location
after a certain time so the push the
pigs into this new area and the pigs are
always free so they're always free
roaming and eating acorns and stuff that
pigs naturally eat and these you know I
think they supplement them with other
food as well and healthy food but
they're there they don't behave like a
scared animal that's trapped in a pen
just freaking out they they live like an
animal lives yeah you know the argument
and it's a real argument like why should
you be able to kill why should you be
able to eat something that's an animal
so it's a good argument it's a real
argument and if you really are an
ethical person and you look at that
argument and that's your point like we
shouldn't be able to kill it's it's a
good understanding you don't want
anything to die and you don't want
anything to suffer what are the way I
look at it is the natural world is this
fucking shark tank that's what I'm
saying yeah and all you're doing if
you're eating meat if you're eating it
in an ethical way you're removing most
of that from the animal's life and then
at the end of the animal's life you're
putting a bolt through its brain you
might think that that's a horrible
terrible thing to do that that that cow
gets shut off in a second but if that
cow was living in the real world it
would get ripped apart by wolves right
that's what a cow used to be you see an
animal that had a run for its life and
the wolves would sneak up on them and
they would tear their legs apart and
start eating them asshole first and I've
seen those bucks that's what every
animal does it's crazy they all die like
that all herbivores that live
in a farm environment if they're
free-range if they're grass-fed cows
that are just wandering around all of
them live a far superior life to any of
the wild counterparts they'll live
longer
they'll be healthier and if it's someone
like a Joel Salatin or someone who does
like ethical farming where they have
large scale like big giant patches of
land where these animals were allowed to
roam free and eat grass the only real
problem they have is when Grizzlies move
in that's when they have a problem when
Grizzlies and wolves find out about
their cattle so when their natural
enemies of these animals encountered
them and these in caged areas then they
have to keep them out they have to
protect these animals they're gonna kill
from the animals that want to kill them
the whole thing is crazy it's crazy yeah
it's it's crazy on both sides it's all
entitlement really it's like a
narcissism like we need to stop this and
this is abut you like no the world has a
plan already it's gonna happen there's a
food chain and a pecking order and
they're gonna get eaten but I don't
think we should support factory farming
and I think they're right about that and
I think when you see factory farming you
see the horrific conditions that some of
these animals have to live in and then
you know they they just mean some of the
pig farms man they flew a drone over one
of them and it had a lake I mean I like
a woman with pig shit and piss and it
was the most disgusting looking fucking
Lake and these animals were all stuffed
into this area and they would shit into
this pipe and the pipe would lead into
these enormous lakes
pig shit and piss and you're like well
these are like these meat factories
these meters slash torture factories
that's not a pile pigs supposed to live
right a pigs supposed to live like the
Joel Salatin pigs live I thought you
didn't like pig and shit didn't the
thing slop they like the roller is some
pigs I think like the roll around and
they just roll around shit but they
don't want to just live stuffed on top
right in taurus metal grate yeah you
ever see that video Jamie right of
course yeah and we get pulled off at
YouTube but it's kind of a terrifying
video
it's like rehab ever look at a rehab
they're always so nice you know these
people are always like oh this person
was a heroin addict we got to save them
like mashing it out on heroin
to rehab they're like in Malibu and shit
yeah they overlooked the ocean yeah
they're amazing birds it looks pretty
good right but hey I've never done
heroin because I know I'll get hooked
yeah it seems like one to avoid yeah I
think pain pills are good to take I've
dabbled but yeah I know how addictive it
is Jordan Peterson just checked himself
into rehab
why yeah whoa whoa whoa for what he got
on an anti-anxiety lonappan anxiety
medication because his wife is that's
heavy you know with his wife's dealing
with heavy cancer like liver cancer yeah
and she's been going through operations
and apparently she's doing well now and
he's trying to get off of this stuff and
when he tried to get off of it he had
such a horrible withdrawal that he is
according to his daughter it's on the
news yeah he had to check himself in so
he it's an anti-anxiety medication
apparently that's how it's used some one
of the ways it's used but it's a strong
one my opinion it sounds like a drug
that people take I mean my friends took
that in high school then that's no xanax
that's like Episode II what is it like I
it was just like it shut you down it was
you know just is that one of the ones in
the ring you're ruined to take people
off a heroin that's methadone but isn't
there another one wasn't that isn't
kelana pin one of those ones that they
use is therapeutic
I know people take it recreationally
gonna Katie do yeah oh come on can put
you in a hole two people take it it'll
fuck yeah yeah like two beers in your
and one of my friends tried to jump out
of a window on it like it is bad news I
think he was just really devastated his
wife was essentially dying right in
front of his eyes and so he probably
couldn't handle it so he got on some
medication why he's one of those guys
like uh he's tough as a bull it'll be
fun but then you know everybody's human
well also I think he's wise enough to
understand his physical limitations and
I I don't I have never experienced real
withdrawal I mean I was experiment
caffeine withdrawal but never like a
real same opiate withdrawal
apparently it's fucking horrible hey it
might actually be a smart thing to check
yourself you have with people that know
how to deal with it and help you through
it
you know yes it's not actually it's the
same thing as klonopin it's called
clonazepam yeah okay so this is like a
street name but a doctor prescribed it
right which is weird like oh the doctor
gave him the crack it's okay well all
those pills Abed it's pharmacy crack
yeah that's what fentanyl is right
fentanyl is out of control
panic disorder and anxiety and seizures
it can cause paranoid or suicidal
ideation and hair memory judgment and
coordination come but this makes sense
for a lot of people I know combining
with other substances particularly
alcohol can slow breathing and possibly
lead to death Jesus doctor needed doctor
doctor prescription tell hook it up dude
I can't I just can't I need some
Kelantan why you never take a percocet
just laid in the pool no baby either a
percocet or a vicodin once at one of my
knee surgeries yeah this is terrible
whoa that's good that's a blessing you
don't want to like it it made me really
stupid yeah my brain was so numb I like
I'd rather be in pain Wow ignorant and
Vol'jin or an anti Santa epileptic drug
as well huh mmm that means it's strong
so it must do a bunch of different shit
yeah I also used to treat panic attacks
so you must have been having panics
yeah I mean if he's your best time of
your life you know you were an embattled
professor fighting against social
justice warriors and then some sort of
crazy law that was gonna enforce a
hundred and ninety eight thousand gender
pronouns and he was like hey this is
crazy let's stop stop stop yeah I
remember that and then he becomes a
national celebrity and people fight him
and they're angry with him but also
people are realizing the extent of the
chaos that's going on these universities
where these they them Zinser demand
these pronouns these nonsensical made-up
pronouns and he was like you can't
enforce speech you can't remorse people
he's like you understand understand what
this is and where this goes yeah it
leads to tyranny right everybody thought
he was being like really exaggerating
and over the top then as times gone on
you realize like oh no he just saw all
this he saw this coming he was right
like people are radicalizing and I think
they're and it's about a lot of it is
about come
appliance they were able to comply I
want you to comply with my new pronouns
if you're seen that video there's a
video where this guy goes up and he says
hey guys pointed privilege I I have what
was it what did he get a problem with I
get distracted very easily and if you
could just please keep the fidgeting and
the moving around too and then this
other guy gets up after him and says I
just want to stop the gendered language
I was saying I mean and they're serious
and the woman who's giving the speech is
calling everyone comrades
yeah she's calling them comments cuz
she's like a socialist you gotta listen
to this you got no fucking how give me
some volume this is a university no it's
that so it's a socialist convention yes
capitalism we are going to need a party
that will organize work to fight for the
demands that we want and to win
socialism thank you so much no guys it's
like a small James Jackson Sacramento he
him I because want to say please keep
the chatter to a minimum I'm one of the
people who's very very prone to sensory
overload there's a lot of whispering and
chatter going on it's making it very
difficult for me to focus
poor guys can we just I know it's we're
all fresh and ready to go but can we
please just keep the chatter to a
minimum it's affecting my ability to
focus thank you oh not enough point of
personal privilege yes please do not use
gendered language took to address
everyone oh this is scary man
oh wow I've played this gig by the way
Thank You comrade that is the person
that went up there
oh dude a dress and a red wig I just
want to hug these guys and come on folks
we got a life to live from a distance on
YouTube well yeah it's a good point
Thank You comrade we're gonna make
socialism win those that's their foot
soldiers people that get easily
distracted and get mad when you call
everybody guys yeah find a privilege Oh
point of personal privilege I didn't
know that was a new thing but I'm gonna
use that from now I like that time I'm
upset about something at my house I'm
gonna say point of privilege yeah guys
turn the volume down these stupid shitty
show you answering next time I get
heckled at a show I'm gonna go hey you
didn't say point of privilege before you
called me a homo when I was working at a
restaurant they've made it a point to
tell us that two restaurants there I set
us down this is probably 2010-2011 two
stops it's I've seen it come around now
again - stop saying guys stop saying
like hey they made us like folks
yeah or like what would it like don't
use the word guys I'd love the word
folks
I usually all the time I use folks all
the time it's a fun thing to say yeah
like folks like it I actually enjoy the
word
it's very comedy hello folks yeah yeah
it's like a lighthearted yeah greeting
I'm into it folks is good I'm onboard
with folks problem I had it wit that all
of the tables wouldn't do it back to us
though they would all use guys and would
almost a lot of times be women using it
and like um like fighting the language
that's a microcosm for the whole country
isn't it shit some people blazing down
that they're not woke and you should
have you should have a sonata that woke
wasn't it this is an opportunity to
educate and you fucking drop the ball on
you they turn on you you should use your
platform for good this is an opportunity
to educate and what are you doing if
your comedy is not involving progress
and social justice then it's bullshit
this is varying like Occupy Wall Street
so my god my check it would yell it out
Mic Check Mic Check Oh pig's moustache
oh do I start like this fucking chance
but they would yell out Mic Check like
if someone needed to say something they
would yell out Mic Check Mic Check
and every
else would listen wait what is he gonna
say they're playing a protest that's
funds like a hip-hop concert we used to
play cowboys and Indians but that's
racist you can't do that anymore so now
they play protester yeah I remember that
Wall Street thing I went down those kids
are bankers now did you know that no
protesting 50% of them no way I made
that number up alright 100% made but I
wouldn't be surprised if someone told me
those kids just gave up and they now
they drive Ferraris and they do a lot of
coke I knew it yeah that was interesting
about the Aziz special when he said who
saw that thing in the post the guy's ago
I thought he goes what's that the post
goes yeah they was opposed cuz I made
the whole thing up did you see that in
the Aziz special no that was the best
part of the whole special was he just
made up a scandal because how many
people saw that like you know half the
hands go up and he's like what what
paper was it in the guy was like I think
was the post and he goes well I made it
all up the guy looked like a complete
idiot and it was a great moment you just
showed we're so scared not being on the
right side and not being around and
aware that you just lie right you know
it's on Netflix forever oh my god
yeah it's fucking embarrassing that
counts to sign the release he fucked up
I guess so it's always shocking what
people will sign you know you see cops
or whatever you like lastly signed off
on that oh yeah yeah yeah every episode
those people have to sign off yeah some
ladies got a bag a crank and her hatchet
wound and she's like yeah I'll sign that
he's speaking of crank you member crank
anchors how's it very happy oh that show
they used to do it in Vegas so because
it was in Vegas Vegas you could record
someone's phone calls if they don't know
it's okay in California like everybody
has to know you know I have to say hey
man I'm gonna record this call I'm like
okay my name is Marc Norman yeah and
then we'd go ahead write in Vegas
doesn't matter they just call you up no
laws well it makes you wonder I just
realized that show no one answers the
phone anymore no one talks on the phone
how you gonna crank call somebody right
robocall yeah I think it's like customer
service people and businesses you can
still get people to answer older people
and I'll answer occasionally all right
every now and then like who's this
fucking number also when did it go from
prank to crank
when I was get it was prank mmm one of
that flip yeah
well I think yeah crank phone calls
though when I was a kid okay kid we used
to call it crank phone calls maybe this
be like someone right did I think you'd
do a prank and you'd do a crank phone
call like a prank crank I wonder if
that's from a prank like the old phone
you had to spin that weird thing oh you
give that a good wage a mo I wonder if
that's a an origin when I was a little
boy you'd have to do that thing with the
dial Shh
oh yeah the rotary I remember when they
invented push-button phones I thought it
was magic I had saved so much time about
so much time the rotary was like my
grandfather's house I used to make calls
that's forever gin if you got all the
way to nine and you fucked up start all
over again it took so long to make a
call my generations version of that was
t9 texting remember oh yeah nine nine
nine nine eight eight eight four five
five two two two you know it took six
weeks to tell somebody hey I love you
yeah that was terrible
but if they could do that they have
those little flip phones today that
Nokia just released a bunch of them that
have a few google apps in them and I
wonder if they just had voice-to-text
they just had voice-to-text you might be
able to get by just talking your
textures out but on a flip phone
oh no no no but if they have a couple of
google apps
I wonder if those flip phones have voice
to touch the Internet I'm pretty pretty
sure of that like it connects to the
Internet so no dumb phone doesn't
connect to the internet you know by
default it's not you know I mean well
they have apps though I think most of
these phones like even these ones that
are flip phones and probably 3G and 4G I
am and I'm not saying they don't connect
I'm just saying like by default they're
not like connected like my iPhone I
think I'm pretty sure it's connect to
the internet right now all the time
because of apps running so when you
doing Siri and it's doing voice
translation and connecting to an AI app
that's translating your voice and
they're not like with that flip phone if
it's not connected to the Internet you'd
have to have all of that stored on the
phone now you have to have a big hard
drive right that's it but that's the
difference between that and like notes
cuz notes is doing it right from your
phone you could have you could have your
phone on airplane mode and you talked
into the notes yeah and you could be on
plane and you could say it and it'll
translate
well you don't say ok won't deny what I
said you don't to say you're bid on a
billion you're not wrong you're not
wrong you're right about Siri Siri
doesn't work when you're not connected
to the Internet but like right
here--like we could do this we can go
into notes I'll put my phone in airplane
mode all right
I'll shut off the Wi-Fi maybe it's less
accurate or something like cookies you
gotta be I just don't think I think Siri
is actually doing a bunch of different
shit not just translating your text
whereas this is translating your text so
if you're like text message somebody my
point they might be able to get that on
a phone would have nothing to do with
the internet but you could just write
like a text out like so I'm offline here
let's try it
mark Normand has been sucking cock
secretly since he got here BAM did it
some whole thing yeah didn't nail it
yeah nailed it Wow maybe it's true it
nailed it also with no internet so it's
definitely not on Wow airplane mode is
off that's even scarier is on Wi-Fi that
means they're listening everything no it
means your phone can translate text to
speech or speech all right so a flip
phone you could get by with the flip
phone that does that better at t9
nonsense that already should fear us to
use but again just don't say your bits
into your phone in public it'll be like
Nazi jizz sandwich you know and that'll
get you kicked out of a you know right
Southwest flight yeah if you were like
sitting there waiting in line at a
flight like imagine if not see jizz was
the most delicious shit on earth is that
the whitest it's something like you have
to get them to really hate Jews and you
suck their cock right when they're in
full smile and it's like the sweetest
nectar how the fuck did they find out
that that fish eggs were edible at
Kavanagh's worth something all that
shit's clams well that's just crazy were
they looking for
even cheese you know some guy to eat old
milk yeah oh my god right or a lemon
just a lady bite no 11 like I'll keep
this well what is that root that the
casaba that they eat in the Amazon
there's this root that apparently it
creates strychnine this is yeah it's
like one of the main staples of their
diet - and you they have to soak it and
process it in water
and learner they leave that water around
like little kids and nobody ever fucks
with the water cuz it's like full-on
poison yeah and they just have a bucket
of it sitting around if you drank it
it'd kill you instantly crazy strychnine
water and they take that cassava root
and they turn it into a bunch of
different dishes
whoa it's this really nutty process
where they have to boil this stuff for
like hours and strain it and doose my
friend Steve Rinella was filming a show
called meat-eater on Netflix now there
seen that and he was watching them make
this cassava shit and if you do it wrong
it kills you yeah and it's the main
thing in their diet Wow tapioca comes
from what extracted from the cassava
root their process of washing and
pulping what is tapioca is it's
delicious it's a pudding right what's
better tapioca or vanilla pudding
tapioca why I don't know I don't know
but it is puddings kind of gone away I
love pudding I love chocolate pudding Oh
like it's like a snack pack member those
god I could eat eight of those you know
what the real pudding is know that
people don't get anymore they don't get
the pudding that you make will you mix
it and you make it on the stove gets the
skin crack into the skin the skin to get
to the your bowl and it's warm when you
eat it yes hello pudding like pudding
yeah you can have jell-o pudding but
this better companies well Cosby this
must be other companies you know do
jello is the jell-o pudding because of
Cosby I mean they're for real forever
connected to him yeah but I think he's
been out for a minute yeah yeah but that
put memory was that little box it was so
exciting box powdered shake the pouting
head the whisker pain yes blender rather
whoa little extra one the width oh yeah
we could do it that much yeah yeah and
you get all the stuff dissolved all the
powder dissolve oh yeah and then you
slowly simmering on the stove
he'd always get mad if your sister was
like turning up the heat two months
you're trying so much what you're doing
jell-o instant pudding there it is still
out there
yeah see those packs when you open them
up not as good right not as good not
it's goddamn delicious
gel
putting with its they have a sugar-free
jell-o pudding mm-hmm it sounds like no
sugar at all and you could eat like a
hundred of them it doesn't even feel
like you ate anything
yeah yeah about that was big as a kid
and rice krispie treats like the real
ones on in the pan that was a big deal
once what is this what are they doing
they're putting putting on a steak Oh
interesting so what it is that's at
stake put steak pudding
what maybe it's so tender oh yeah I
think they can make it into a pudding I
don't know preview is just them cutting
steak real thin this was a make
chocolate pudding Louie these guys whoa
oh my god this used to be like an
afternoon like you would do this
now I go by it what that is amazing oh
this is a different thing this is likes
taking some sort of 1788 okay look they
dress like old Tommy people like they're
not what's those brothers that made
those visit variety shows the songs
those brothers that they all wore like
the clothes from the 1800s and they
drank out of mason jars this guy's not
that habit brothers no no god damn it I
want to hit monsoon brunson brother
that's not it either
no you know what I'm talking about no no
idea let's leave this podcast with
everybody in suspense I'm never gonna
find that someone's gonna tweet you had
it in my head yesterday I was just
thinking of that moment from a Wayans
brothers and my syrup man of all the
singers yes Evan no Mumford and brothers
in there who are the sons in who's
Mumford has that weird question
is that right old timey guys were great
they work I saw him live once they were
killer killer music but they dress real
old-timey ha ha did they update they did
I lost a little bit but but didn't they
have like videos where they dress like
they're they did a yeah yeah yeah
they're wearing like somebody forced him
into that guarantee there's a marketing
guy behind that I don't know
I need you I need you in these vests
that's gonna make it no one no one is
wearing vests ahead of us you guys can
be the vest guys I'm telling you it's
not a lot of outfits to wear when you
have a banjo in a stand-up bass that's
true banjo is a whole accessory and it's
how you can dress like that now they're
just like cool guys those guys my eyes
won't be the Black Keys
those guys are killer they really they
cook Jordan peas and I post photos with
Mumford & Sons
they're both doing oxycotin yeah mark
Normand it's almost four hours in no oh
three hours in like what forty minutes
or something yeah this is my podcast for
crisis yeah tell people how to get to uh
to iTunes the whole jizz you know it
goes the internet Tuesdays with stories
me and Joe list and yeah I'm on the road
mark no Mikami comm follow me on Twitter
and yell at me and the whole and he's
gonna be with me tonight at the to show
so yeah I'm so excited your taxes Owen
Smith and Ally makovski so we'll see you
freaks there praise Allah bye buddy big
kiss
[Applause]
[Music]